Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
36. Policy Schedule or Schedule:- 
Policy Schedule means the Policy Schedule and any annexure or Endorsements to it, if any, as issued by the 
Company, which forms part of Policy. 
 
37. Policy Period:- 
Policy Period means period from risk inception date [RID] to risk end date [RED], as mentioned in the Policy 
Schedule. 
 
38. Policy Year:- 
Policy Year means the period of 12 months.  
 
39. Prescribed physiotherapy:- 
Prescribed physiotherapy refers to treatment provided by a registered physiotherapist following referral by a 
Doctor. Physiotherapy is initially restricted to 12 sessions per condition, after which treatment must be reviewed 
by the Doctor who referred You. If You need further sessions, You must send Us a new progress report after 
every set of 12 sessions, indicating the medical necessity for more treatment. Physiotherapy does not include 
therapies such as Rolfing, massage, Pilates, Fango and Milta. 
 
40. Prescription drugs:- 
Prescription drugs refers to products which You can’t buy without a prescription and are to treat a confirmed 
diagnosis or medical condition or to compensate a lack of vital bodily substances. Examples are antibiotics, 
sedatives, etc. Prescription drugs must be clinically proven to be effective for the diagnosed condition. They must 
also be recognised by internationally accepted medical guidelines. 
 
41. Principal country of residence:- 
Principal country of residence is the country where You and Your dependents (if applicable) live for more than six 
months of the Policy year. 
 
42. Psychiatrist 
Psychiatrist is a registered Medical Practitioner who specializes in psychiatry, the branch of medicine devoted to 
the diagnosis, prevention, study, and treatment of mental disorders. 
 
43. Rehabilitation 
Rehabilitation is defined as “a set of interventions designed to optimize functioning and reduce disability in 
individuals with health conditions in interaction with their environment. 
Rehabilitation is a treatment that combines therapies such as physical, occupational and speech therapy. It aims 
to restore original form or function after an acute Illness, Injury or surgery. Treatment must take place in a 
licensed rehabilitation facility and start within 14 days of discharge from acute medical and/or surgical treatment. 
 
44. Rehabilitation Hospital/unit/facility 
Rehabilitation Hospitals/unit/facility, also referred to as Inpatient rehabilitation Hospitals, are devoted to the 
rehabilitation of patients with various neurological, musculoskeletal, orthopedic and other medical conditions 
following stabilisation of their acute medical issues. 
 
45. Single Private room:- 
Single Private Room means a single occupancy air-conditioned room with an attached washroom/toilet. Deluxe, 
executive rooms and suites are not covered.   
 
46. Specialist:- 
Specialist is a licensed Doctor possessing the additional qualifications and expertise necessary to practise as a 
recognised specialist in diagnostic techniques, treatment and prevention in a particular field of medicine. 
 
47. Specialist fees:- 
Specialist fees refers to non-surgical treatment performed or administered by a specialist. 
 
48. Speech therapy:- 
Speech therapy refers to treatment carried out by a qualified speech therapist to treat diagnosed physical 
impairments. This includes conditions such as nasal obstruction, neurogenic impairment (e.g. lingual paresis, 
brain Injury) or articulation disorders involving the oral structure (e.g. cleft palate). 
 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 9