Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
v.  You or someone claiming on Your behalf must promptly and in any event within 30 days of  discharge from a 
Hospital give Us the documentation as listed out in greater detail below and other information We ask for to 
investigate the claim or Our obligation to make payment for it. 
vi.  In the event of the death of the Insured, someone claiming on his behalf must inform Us in writing immediately 
and send Us a copy of the post mortem report (if any) within 30 days* 
vii.  If the original documents are submitted with the co-insurer, the Xerox copies attested by the co-insurer should be 
submitted  
 
*Note: In case You are claiming for the same event under an indemnity based Policy of another insurer and are 
required to submit the original documents related to Your treatment with that particular insurer, then You may 
provide Us with the attested Xerox copies of such documents along with a declaration from the particular insurer 
specifying the availability of the original copies of the specified treatment documents with it.  
**Note: Waiver of conditions (i) and (vi) may be considered in extreme cases of hardship where it is proved to Our 
satisfaction that under the circumstances in which You were placed, it was not possible for You or any other person 
to give notice or file claim within the prescribed time limit. 
 
List of Claim documents: 
  Claim form with NEFT details & cancelled cheque duly signed by Insured  
  Original/Attested copies of Discharge Summary / Discharge Certificate / Death Summary with Surgical & 
anesthetics notes  
  Attested copies of Indoor case papers, if available   
  Original/Attested copies Final Hospital Bill with break up of surgical charges, surgeon’s fees, OT charges etc 
  Original Paid Receipt against the final Hospital Bill.  
  Original bills towards Investigations done / Laboratory Bills.  
  Original/Attested copies of Investigation Reports against Investigations done.  
  Original bills and receipts paid for the transportation from Registered Ambulance Service Provider. Treating 
Medical Practitioner certificate to transfer the Injured person to a higher medical centre for further treatment (if 
Applicable). 
  Cashless settlement letter or other Company settlement letter  
  First consultation letter for the current ailment. 
  In case of implant surgery, invoice & sticker.  
 
Please send the documents on below address   
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd 
2nd Floor, Bajaj Finserv Building, 
Behind Weikfield IT park, 
Off Nagar Road, Viman Nagar 
Pune 411014| Toll free: 1800-103-2529, 1800-22-5858 
 
45. Claims Procedure for International Cover- Reimbursement Claims and Pre-authorization Process for 
International Cover  
A.  Medical claims  
Before submitting a claim to Us, please pay attention to the following points: 
  Claiming deadline: You must submit all claims no later than 30 days after the date of discharge from the 
Hospital.  
 
  Claim Submission: You must submit a separate claim for each person claiming and for each medical 
condition being claimed for. 
 
  Supporting documents: When You send Us copies of supporting documents (e.g. medical receipts), please 
make sure You keep the originals. We have the right to request original supporting documents/receipts for 
auditing purposes up to 12 months after settling  Your claim. We may also request proof of payment by You 
(e.g. a bank or credit card statement) for medical bills You have paid. We advise that You keep copies of all 
correspondence with Us as We cannot be held responsible for correspondence that fails to reach Us for any 
reason outside of Our control. 
 
  Deductibles: If the amount You are claiming is less than the Deductible figure in  Your plan, You can Send Us 
each claim every time You receive treatment. Once You reach the Deductible amount, We'll start reimbursing 
You. 
Attach all supporting receipts and/or invoices with  Your claim. 
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 37