Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
3)  War, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, commotion, unrest, 
rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or 
damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority. 
Any Medical expenses incurred due to Act of Terrorism will be covered under the Policy. 
4)  The cost of spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, crutches, dentures, artificial teeth and all other external 
appliances and/or devices whether for diagnosis or treatment except for Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic 
devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, orthopedic implants, cardiac valve replacements, 
vascular stents etc. 
5)  Treatment for any other system other than modern medicine (allopathy) 
6)  External medical equipment of any kind used at home as post Hospitalization care including cost of instrument 
used in the treatment of Sleep Apnoea Syndrome (C.P.A.P), Continuous Peritoneal Ambulatory Dialysis (C.P.A.D) 
and Oxygen concentrator for Bronchial Asthmatic condition. 
7)  Congenital external diseases or defects or anomalies, growth hormone therapy, stem cell implantation or surgery 
except for Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions. 
8)  Intentional self-Injury (including but not limited to the use or misuse of any intoxicating drugs or alcohol) 
9)  Vaccination or inoculation unless forming a part of post bite treatment or if medically necessary and forming a 
part of treatment recommended by the treating Medical Practitioner.  
10) All non-medical Items as per Annexure II 
11) Circumcision unless required for the treatment of Illness or Accidental bodily Injury,  
12) Treatment for any medical conditions arising directly or indirectly from chemical contamination, radioactivity or 
any nuclear material, including the combustion of nuclear fuel. 
13) Alternate/Complementary treatment, with the exception of those treatments shown in the Table of Benefits. 
14) Expenses incurred because of complications directly caused by an Illness, Injury or treatment for which cover is 
excluded or limited under  Your plan. 
15) Consultations performed and any drugs or treatments prescribed by You,  Your spouse, parents or children. 
16) Dental veneers and related procedures, unless medically necessary. 
17) Costs in respect of a family therapist or counsellor for out-patient mental illness treatment. 
18) Doctor’s fees for the completion of a Claim Form or other administration charges. 
19) Care and/or treatment of intentionally caused diseases or self-inflicted injuries, including a suicide attempt. 
20) Investigations into and treatment for loss of hair, including hair replacement unless the loss of hair is due to cancer 
treatment. 
21) Treatment required as a result of medical error. 
22) Products that can be purchased without a Doctor’s prescription, except where a specific benefit covering these 
costs appears in the Table of Benefits. 
23) Treatment of sleep disorders, including insomnia, narcolepsy, snoring and bruxism, except medically necessary 
Inpatient treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea. 
24) Travel costs to and from medical facilities (including parking costs) for treatment, except when covered under 
"Local (Road) ambulance", "Medical evacuation" and "Medical repatriation" benefits. 
25) Treatment in the USA if We believe that cover was taken out with the purpose of travelling to the USA to get 
treatment for a condition or symptoms You were aware of: 
  before being Insured with Us 
  before having the USA in  Your region of cover.  
If We paid any claims in these circumstances, We reserve the right to seek reimbursement from  You. 
26) Treatment outside the geographical area of cover unless for emergencies or authorised by Us. 
27) Tumour marker testing, except for medically necessary testing during the investigation or treatment of cancer. 
28) Medical evacuation/repatriation from a vessel at sea to a medical facility on land. 
29) Organ Transplants that involve animal organs or organs which are manufactured using advanced technology like, 
but not limited to, 3D Printing. Expenses incurred during the acquisition of an organ relating to stem cell storage 
and banking. 
30) The following benefits or any adverse consequences or complications relating to them, unless otherwise indicated 
in  Your Table of Benefits:  
  Dental treatment, dental surgery, periodontics, orthodontics and dental prostheses. The only exception is 
oral and maxillofacial surgical procedures, which are covered within the overall limit of  Your In-patient Plan 
  Dietician fees 
  Expenses for one person accompanying an evacuated/repatriated person 
  Home delivery 
  Infertility treatment  
  Laser eye treatment.  
  Out-patient treatment  
  Prescribed glasses and contact lenses including eye examination 
  Prescribed medical aids  
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 27