Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
42. Additional conditions as to Migration and or Portability: 
  Migration and or Portability will be allowed only if the Insured is having the existing health policy which 
covers both the Domestic and International health cover. 
  If the Insured has an existing Domestic Health Indemnity Policy and wants to opt for Global Health Care 
Policy, then the Global Health Care Policy will be provided but accrued continuity benefits such as 
cumulative bonus, waiver of Waiting Period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the Policy has been 
maintained without a break will be available only for Domestic Health Indemnity Covers. 
 
43. Discounts 
i.  Employee Discount: 20% discount on published premium rates to employees of Bajaj Allianz & its group 
companies, this discount is applicable only if the Policy is booked in direct code.  
ii.  Online/Direct Business Discount: Discount of 5% will be offered in this product for policies underwritten through 
direct/online channel. 
Note: this discount is not applicable for Employees who get employee discount. 
iii.  Family Discount: 5% family discount shall be offered if 2 or more eligible Family Members are covered under a 
single Policy. 
iv.  Voluntary Deductible: The customer can opt for aggregate deductible on International Inpatient Benefits and avail 
discount as below. 
Deductible Imperial Plan Imperial Plus Plan
USD 500 5% 4%
USD 1000 9% 6% 
 
 
SECTION E) GENERAL TERMS AND CLAUSES - STANDARD GENERAL TERMS AND CLAUSES 
 
44. Claims Procedure for Domestic Cover 
All Claims will be settled by In house claims settlement team of the Company and no TPA is engaged. However the 
Company reserves to engage TPA at any time, at the sole discretion of the Company. 
If You meet with any Accidental Bodily Injury or suffer an Illness that may result in a claim, then as a Cashless 
Facility to Our liability, You must comply with the following: 
A. Cashless Claims Procedure:  
Cashless treatment is only available at Network Hospitals. In order to avail of cashless treatment, the following 
procedure must be followed by You:  
i.  For planned treatment or Hospitalization, prior to taking treatment and/or incurring Medical Expenses at a 
Network Hospital, You or Your representative must intimate Us 48 hours before the planned Hospitalization and 
request pre-authorisation by way of the written form. 
ii.  After considering Your request and after obtaining any further information or documentation We have sought, 
We may, if satisfied, send You or the Network Hospital, an authorisation letter. The authorisation letter, the ID 
card issued to You along with this Policy and any other information or documentation that We have specified 
must be produced to the Network Hospital identified in the pre-authorization letter at the time of Your admission 
to the same. 
iii.  If the procedure above is followed, You will not be required to directly pay for the bill amount in the Network 
Hospital that We are liable under Section AI-Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment above and the original bills and 
evidence of treatment in respect of the same shall be left with the Network Hospital. Pre-authorisation does not 
guarantee that all costs and expenses will be covered. We reserve the right to review each claim for Medical 
Expenses and accordingly coverage will be determined according to the terms and conditions of this Policy.  
iv.  In case any treatment or procedure is to be taken on an Emergency basis, You or Your representative must 
intimate Us in writing immediately within 24 hours of Hospitalization. 
 
B. Reimbursement Claims Procedure:  
If Pre-authorisation as per Cashless Claims Procedure above is denied by Us or if treatment is taken in a Hospital 
other than a Network Hospital or if You do not wish to avail Cashless Facility, then: 
i.  You or someone claiming on Your behalf must inform Us in writing immediately within 48 hours of Hospitalization 
in case of Emergency Hospitalization and 48 hours prior to Hospitalization in case of planned Hospitalization 
ii.  You must immediately consult a Medical Practitioner and follow the advice and treatment that he recommends. 
iii.  You must take reasonable steps or measures to minimize the quantum of any claim that may be made under this 
Policy. 
iv.  You must have Yourself examined by Our medical advisors if We ask for this, and as often as We consider this to 
be necessary at Our cost. 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 36