Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
5.  Cashless Facility:- 
Cashless Facility means a facility extended by the Insurer to the Insured where the payments, of the costs of 
treatment undergone by the Insured in accordance with the Policy terms and conditions, are directly made to the 
Network Provider by the Insurer to the extent pre-authorization is approved. 
 
6.  Condition Precedent:- 
Condition Precedent means a Policy term or condition upon which the Insurer's liability under the Policy is 
conditional upon. 
 
7.  Congenital Anomaly:- 
Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is present since birth, and which is abnormal with reference to 
form, structure or position. 
a.  Internal Congenital Anomaly- Congenital Anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the body 
b.  External Congenital Anomaly- Congenital Anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts of the body 
 
8.  Co-Payment:- 
A Co-Payment means a cost-sharing requirement under a health insurance Policy that provides that the 
Policyholder/Insured will bear a specified percentage of the admissible claim amount. A Co-Payment does not 
reduce the Sum Insured. 
 
9.  Cumulative Bonus:- 
Cumulative Bonus means any increase or addition in the Sum Insured granted by the insurer without an 
associated increase in premium. 
 
10.  Day Care Centre:- 
A Day Care Centre means any institution established for Day Care Treatment of Illness and / or injuries or a 
medical set -up with a Hospital and which has been registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and 
is under supervision of a registered and qualified Medical Practitioner AND must comply with all minimum 
criterion as under:-  
i.  has qualified nursing staff under its employment; 
ii.  has qualified Medical Practitioner (s) in charge; 
iii.  has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out; 
iv.  maintains daily records of patients and will make these accessible to the Insurance Company’s authorized 
personnel. 
 
11.  Day Care Treatment:- 
Day care treatment means medical treatment, and/or surgical procedure which is: 
i.  undertaken under General or Local Anesthesia in a Hospital/Day Care Centre in less than 24 hrs because of 
technological advancement, and 
ii.  Which would have otherwise required a Hospitalization of more than 24 hours. 
Treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is not included in the scope of this definition. 
 
12.  Deductible:- 
Deductible means a cost sharing requirement under a health insurance Policy that provides that the insurer will 
not be liable for a specified amount in case of indemnity policies and for a specified number of days/hours in case 
of Hospital cash policies which will apply before any benefits are payable by the insurer. A Deductible does not 
reduce the Sum Insured. 
 
13.  Dental Treatment:- 
Dental Treatment means a treatment related to teeth or structures supporting teeth including examinations, fillings 
(where appropriate), crowns, extractions and surgery. 
 
14.  Disclosure to information norm:- 
The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company, in the event of 
misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact. 
 
15.  Emergency Care:- 
Emergency care means management for an Illness or Injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly and 
unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a Medical Practitioner to prevent death or serious long term 
impairment of the Insured person’s health. 
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 2