Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. To avail this service, You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301. From 
this point onwards, We will organize and coordinate for the Air Ambulance until You arrive safely at Your 
destination of care. If ambulance services are not organized by Us, We reserve the right to decline all costs 
incurred. 
 
8.  Air Ambulance + Medical Evacuation (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
If You contract any Illness/ sustain any Injury which necessitates Emergency Hospitalization, We will pay 
reasonable and customary expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, for Your Medical Evacuation 
to the nearest appropriate medical centre (which may or may not be in Your home country) by ambulance, 
helicopter or airplane provided that: 
a. The medical evacuation should be requested by Your Doctor, and will be carried out in the most economical 
way that is appropriate to Your medical condition 
b. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment. (Section C, Part 
B ,I-1). 
c. adequately screened blood is unavailable in an Emergency 
d. necessary treatment is not available locally  
 
If You can’t travel for medical reasons following discharge from an Inpatient episode of care, We will cover the 
reasonable cost of hotel accommodation in a private en-suite room for up to seven days. 
 
If You are evacuated to the nearest appropriate medical centre for ongoing treatment, We will cover the reasonable 
cost of hotel accommodation in a private en-suite room. This cost must be more economical than the cost of a 
series of journeys between the nearest appropriate medical centre and Your principal country of residence.  
 
Following completion of treatment, We will also cover the cost of Your return trip (i.e. one way ticket) at economy 
rates to Your principal country of residence. 
 
Exclusions (Applicable to Medical Evacuation): 
a.  costs for hotel suites, four or five-star hotel accommodation or hotel accommodation for an accompanying 
person 
b.  travel costs for accompanying person 
c.  travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation 
 
Where adequately screened blood is not available locally, We will, where appropriate, try to locate and transport 
screened blood and sterile transfusion equipment, if this is advised by the treating Doctor and Our own medical 
experts. We and Our agents accept no liability if We are unsuccessful or if contaminated blood or equipment is 
used by the treating authority. 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301 at the first indication that 
You need an evacuation. From this point onwards, We will organize and coordinate the evacuation until You arrive 
safely at Your destination of care. If evacuation services are not organized by Us, We reserve the right to decline 
all costs incurred. 
 
9.  Mental Illness Treatment 
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for In-patient treatment of Mental Illness (as specified under 
Annexure IV), provided this treatment is availed in a recognized psychiatric unit of a Hospital, up to Sum Insured as 
specified in the Policy Schedule. 
The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:  
a.   Mental Illness treatment is only covered where patient is diagnosed and treated by a psychiatrist, clinical 
psychologist or licensed psychotherapist.  
b.  The Hospitalization is for Medically Necessary Treatment. 
c.  All day-care or Inpatient admissions must include prescription medication related to the condition. 
d.  The treatment should be taken in Mental Health Establishment either wholly or partly meant for the care of 
persons with mental Illness, where persons with mental Illness are admitted for treatment. 
 
Exclusions: Mental Illness Treatment does not cover: 
a.  Any expenses for Mental Illness Treatment related to Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive 
condition and consequences thereof. . 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 15