Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
c)  Where this Policy requires You to do or not to do something, then the complete satisfaction of that 
requirement by You or someone claiming on Your behalf is a precondition to any obligation We have under 
this Policy. If You or someone claiming on Your behalf fails to completely satisfy that requirement, then We 
may refuse to consider Your claim. 
 
19. Records to be Maintained  
The Insured shall keep an accurate record containing all relevant medical records and shall allow the Company or 
its representatives to inspect such records. The Policyholder or Insured Person shall furnish such information as the 
Company may require for settlement of any claim under the Policy, within reasonable time limit and within the time 
limit specified in the Policy  
 
20. Automatic change in Coverage under the Policy  
 
The coverage for the Insured shall automatically terminate:  
1.  In the case of his/ her (Insured) demise.  
 
However, the cover shall continue for the remaining insured persons till the end of Policy Period. The other insured 
persons may also apply to renew the Policy. In case, the other insured person is minor, the Policy shall be renewed 
only through any one of his/her natural guardian or guardian appointed by court. All relevant particulars in respect of 
such person (including his/her relationship with the insured person) must be submitted to the Company along with 
the application. Provided no claim has been made, and termination takes place on account of death of the Insured, 
pro-rata refund of premium of the deceased Insured for the balance period of the Policy will be effective.  
2.  Upon exhaustion of Sum Insured and cumulative bonus, for the Policy year. However, the Policy is subject 
to renewal on the due date as per the applicable terms and conditions.  
 
21. Territorial Jurisdiction  
All disputes or differences under or in relation to the interpretation of the terms, conditions, validity, construct, 
limitations and/or exclusions contained in the Policy shall be determined by the Indian court and according to Indian 
law.  
 
22. Notice & Communication  
i.  Any notice, direction, instruction or any other communication related to the Policy should be made in writing.  
ii.  Such communication shall be sent to the address of the Company or through any other electronic modes 
specified in the Policy Schedule.  
iii.  The Company shall communicate to the Insured at the address or through any other electronic mode mentioned 
in the Schedule. 
 
23. Insured 
Only those persons named as the Insured in the Policy Schedule shall be covered under this Policy. Cover under 
this Policy shall be withdrawn from any Insured upon such Insured giving 14 days written notice to be received by 
Us. 
 
24. Communications 
Any communication meant for Us must be in writing and be delivered to Our address shown in the Schedule. Any 
communication meant for You will be sent by Us to Your address shown in the Schedule. 
 
25. Paying a Claim  
i.  You agree that We need only make payment when You or someone claiming on Your behalf has provided Us 
with necessary documentation and information.  
ii.  We will make payment to You or Your Nominee. If there is no Nominee and You are incapacitated or deceased, 
We will pay Your heir, executor or validly appointed legal representative and any payment We make in this way 
will be a complete and final discharge of Our liability to make payment. 
 
26. Basis of Claims Payment (For Domestic Cover only) 
i.  If You suffer a relapse within 45 days of the date when You last obtained medical treatment or consulted a 
Medical Practitioner and for which a claim has been made, then such relapse shall be deemed to be part of the 
same claim. 
ii.  The Day Care Procedure listed are subject to the exclusions, terms and conditions of the Policy and will not be 
treated as independent coverage under the Policy. 
iii.  We shall make payment in Indian Rupees only. 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 33