Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
37.  Pre-Existing Disease:- 
Pre-Existing Disease means any condition, ailment or Injury or disease 
a.  That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the Policy issued by the 
insurer  
or 
b.  For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 48 months 
prior to the effective date of the Policy or its reinstatement. 
 
38.  Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses:- 
Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during pre-defined number of days 
preceding the Hospitalization of the Insured, provided that: 
i.  Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured’s Hospitalization was 
required, and 
ii.  The In-patient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 
 
39.  Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses:- 
Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during pre-defined number of days 
immediately after the Insured is discharged from the Hospital provided that: 
i.  Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for which the Insured’s Hospitalization was required, and 
ii.  The Inpatient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 
 
40.  Reasonable and Customary Charges:- 
Reasonable and Customary Charges means the charges for services or supplies, which are the standard charges 
for the specific provider and consistent with the prevailing charges in the geographical area for identical or similar 
services, taking into account the nature of the Illness / Injury involved. 
 
41.  Qualified Nurse:- 
Qualified nurse means a person who holds a valid registration from the Nursing Council of India or the Nursing 
Council of any state in India. 
 
42.  Renewal:- 
Renewal means the terms on which the contract of insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a provision 
of grace period for treating the renewal continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-existing diseases, 
time-bound exclusions and for all waiting periods. 
 
43.  Room Rent:- 
Room Rent means the amount charged by a Hospital towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall include 
the associated medical expenses. 
 
44.  Surgery or Surgical Procedure:- 
Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and / or operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an Illness 
or Injury, correction of deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief from suffering and 
prolongation of life, performed in a Hospital or Day Care Centre by a Medical Practitioner. 
 
45.  Unproven/Experimental Treatment:- 
Unproven/Experimental treatment means the treatment, including drug experimental therapy, which is not based 
on established medical practice in India, is treatment experimental or unproven. 
 
SECTION B) DEFINITIONS - SPECIFIC DEFINITIONS 
 
1.  Accidental shall be construed as per definition of Accident in Standard Definitions.  
 
2.  Act of Terrorism:-  
Means an act or thing by any person or group(s) of persons, whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection 
with or in connivance with or at the instance or instigation of any person or group(s) or organisation(s) or 
associations(s), who are committed or proclaimed to be committed for political, religious or ideological purposes, 
whether such person or group(s) of persons or organisation(s) or association(s) are or are not banned any law, in 
such a manner or with intent to threaten the unity, integrity, security or sovereignty of India or to strike terror in 
the people or any section of the people by using bombs, dynamite or other explosive substances or inflammable 
substances or firearms or other lethal weapons or poisons or noxious gases or other chemicals or by any other 
substances (whether biological or otherwise) of a hazardous nature or by any other means whatsoever, with 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 5