Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
If You contract any Illness/ sustain any Injury which necessitates Hospitalization, We will pay reasonable and 
customary expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, if You choose to be medically  repatriated to  
Your home country for treatment, instead of to the nearest appropriate medical centre, provided that: 
a.  Your home country is within  Your geographical area of cover 
b. Where ongoing treatment is required, We will cover hotel accommodation costs 
c. Repatriation in the event of unavailability of adequately screened blood 
 
If medical necessity prevents an immediate return trip following discharge from an Inpatient episode of care, We 
will cover the reasonable cost of hotel accommodation costs up to seven days. 
 
Exclusions: 
a. travel costs for accompanying person 
b. travel costs of Insured family members in the event of repatriation 
c. travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301 at the first indication that 
repatriation is required. From this point onwards We will organise and coordinate all stages of the repatriation until 
You arrive safely at Your destination of care. If the repatriation is not organised by Us, We reserve the right to 
decline all costs incurred. 
 
14. Repatriation of mortal remains (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
Repatriation of mortal remains is the transportation of the Insured deceased remains from the principal country of 
residence to the country of burial. We cover costs such as: embalming, a container legally appropriate for 
transportation, shipping and the necessary government authorisations. Cremation costs will only be covered if the 
cremation is required for legal purposes. We do not cover costs incurred by anyone accompanying the remains.  
 
Exclusions: 
Expense incurred for any person accompanying the remains is not covered. 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
NOTE: This cover is on cashless basis only. To avail this service, You must contact Us on +353 1 630 1301. From 
this point onwards, We will organize and coordinate for the Repatriation of Mortal remains. If these services are not 
organized by Us, We reserve the right to decline all costs incurred. 
 
 
15. In-patient cash benefit (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
We will pay Daily Cash Benefit as specified in the Policy Schedule for maximum 25 nights when You receive 
Inpatient treatment free of charge for a medical condition that is covered by Us. 
This benefit is payable after You are discharged from Hospital. 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
16. Palliative care (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
We will pay the Reasonable and Customary expenses incurred, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule, on 
diagnosis of a Terminal Illness, for any ongoing treatment, given on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, that aims 
to alleviate the physical/psychological suffering associated with progressive, incurable Illness and to maintain 
quality of life. It includes Inpatient, day-care and out-patient treatment. We will pay for physical care, psychological 
care, Hospital or hospice accommodation, nursing care and prescription drugs. 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
17. Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies 
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for the Modern Treatment Methods as mentioned in 
Annexure III subject to the Sum Insured, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or otherwise 
expressed in this Policy. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 17