Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
6. Fraud 
If any claim made by the Insured, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or 
used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by the Insured or anyone acting on his/her 
behalf to obtain any benefit under this Policy, all benefits under this Policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.  
 
Any amount already paid against claims made under this Policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be repaid 
by all recipient(s)/Policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for 
such repayment to the insurer.  
 
For the purpose of this clause, the expression “fraud” means any of the following acts committed by the Insured or 
by his agent or the Hospital/Doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the Insured, with intent to deceive the Insurer 
or to induce the Insurer to issue an insurance Policy 
a. the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the Insured does not believe to be true; 
b. the active concealment of a fact by the Insured having knowledge or belief of the fact;  
c. any other act fitted to deceive; and  
d. any such actor omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent.  
 
The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the Policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the Insured 
/ beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate 
intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge 
of the insurer. Onus of disproving Fraud is upon the Insured, if alive, or beneficiaries. 
 
7. Cancellation 
The Insured may cancel this Policy by giving 15 days’ written notice and in such an event, the Company shall 
refund premium for the unexpired Policy Period as detailed below 
a. If full premium is received at Policy inception then refund will be computed as under: 
 
Period in Risk  Premium Refund 
Within 15 Days  As per Free Look period Condition 
Exceeding 15  days but less than or equal to  3 months  65.00% 
Exceeding 3 months but less than or equal to 6 months  45.00% 
Exceeding 6 months but less than or equal to 9 months  20.00% 
Exceeding 9 months but less than or equal to 12 months  0% 
 
b. If  premium is received on instalment basis, the premium will be refunded as per the below table: 
 
% of 
% of Quarterly  % of Half Yearly 
Period in Risk (From Latest instalment date)  Monthly 
Premium  Premium 
Premium 
Up to 15 days from 1st Instalment Date  As per Free Look Period Condition 
Exceeding 15 days but less than or equal to 3 
30% 
months 
No Refund 
Exceeding 3 months but less than or equal to 6 
0% 
months 
 
Note: 
The first slab of Number of days “within 15 days” in above table is applicable only in case of new business. 
In case of renewal policies, period is risk “Exceeding 15 days but less than 3 months” should be read as “within 3 
months”. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in respect of 
Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has been availed by the 
insured person under the Policy. 
 
The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation non-disclosure of material facts, 
fraud by the insured person by giving 15 days’ written notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation 
on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 30