Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
Getting Inpatient treatment  
 
Download a Treatment Guarantee Form from Our website: www.allianzcare.com/members (Link provided is subject 
to change. Final version to be communicated to members upon Policy issuance) 
Complete the form and send it to Us at least five working days before treatment. You can send it by email, fax or 
post to the address shown on the form. 
We contact the Hospital to organise payment of Your bill directly, where possible. 
We can also take Treatment Guarantee Form details over the phone if treatment is taking place within 72 hours. 
Please note that We may decline Your claim if pre-approval is not obtained. 
 
If it's an Emergency: 
Get the Emergency treatment You need and call Us if You need any advice or support. 
If You are Hospitalised, either You, Your Doctor, one of Your dependants or a colleague needs to call Our Helpline 
(within 48 hours of the Emergency) to inform Us of the Hospitalisation. We can take Treatment Guarantee Form 
details over the phone when You call Us. 
24/7 International Helpline number +353 1 630 1301 
 
46. Conditions Precedent 
Where this Policy requires You to do or not to do something, then the complete satisfaction of that requirement by 
You or someone claiming on Your behalf is a precondition to any obligation We have under this Policy. If You or 
someone claiming on Your behalf fails to completely satisfy that requirement, then We may refuse to consider Your 
claim.  
 
47. Insured 
Only the Insured mentioned in the Policy Schedule shall be covered under the Policy. Cover under the Policy 
shall be withdrawn from Insured upon such Insured giving 15 days written notice to be received by Us.  
48. Additional Conditions for Fraud: in case of Fraud, the premium paid shall be forfeited 
 
49. Communications 
Any communication meant for Us must be in writing and be delivered to Our address shown in the Policy Schedule. 
Any communication meant for You will be sent by Us to Your address shown in the Policy Schedule. 
 
50. Claim Assistance-  
In event of a claim during the Insured’s overseas trip, He/She shall contact on Our toll-free numbers or email ids 
available on Policy Wording. We provide assistance through Our In house Team or may seek assistance from 
overseas assistance partners. 
 
51. Nationality: 
Indian nationals residing in India would be considered for this Policy. 
 
52. Additional conditions for Arbitration: 
i.  If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid under the Policy, (liability being otherwise 
admitted) such difference shall independently of all other questions, be referred to the decision of a sole 
arbitrator to be appointed in writing by the parties here to or if they cannot agree upon a single arbitrator 
within thirty days of any party invoking arbitration, the same shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators, 
comprising two arbitrators, one to be appointed by each of the parties to the dispute/difference and the third 
arbitrator to be appointed by such two arbitrators and arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996, as amended by Arbitration and Conciliation 
(Amendment) Act, 2015 (No. 3 of 2016).  
ii.  It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference or dispute shall be preferable to arbitration as herein 
before provided, if the Company has disputed or not accepted liability under or in respect of the Policy.  
iii.  It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or 
suit upon the Policy that award by such arbitrator/arbitrators of the amount of expenses shall be first obtained.  
iv.  It is also hereby further expressly agreed and declared that if the Insurer shall disclaim/repudiate the claim 
and the liability to the Insured/Insured’s Legal Heirs for any claim under the Policy issued to the Insured, and 
such claim shall not, within 12 calendar months from the date of such disclaimer/repudiation have been made 
the subject matter of a suit or proceeding before a competent Court of law in India or any other competent 
statutory forum/tribunal in India, then all benefits/indemnities under the Policy shall be forfeited and the rights 
of Insured shall stand extinguished and the liability of the Insurer shall also stand discharged. 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 39