Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
24. Medical Practitioners/Doctor (for International Cover):-  
Medical Practitioners/Doctor for international practice are Doctors who are licensed to practise medicine under 
the law of the country in which Medically Necessary Treatment is given and where they are practising within the 
limits of their licence. 
 
25. Medical Practitioner fees:- 
Medical Practitioner fees refers to non-surgical treatment performed or administered by a Medical Practitioner. 
 
26. Medical underwriting:- 
Medical underwriting is the assessment of insurance risk based on information that You give Us when applying for 
cover. Our underwriting team uses this information to decide the terms of Our offer. 
 
27. "Mental Illness" means a substantial disorder of thinking, mood, perception, orientation or memory that grossly 
impairs judgment, behaviour, capacity to recognise reality or ability to meet the ordinary demands of life, but does 
not include mental retardation which is a condition of arrested or incomplete development of mind of a person, 
specially characterised by sub normality of intelligence; 
 
28. Named Insured/ Insured/Insured Person:  
Insured means the persons, or his Family Members, named in the Schedule provided that an Insured or his 
Family Members has attained the age of 3 months and is not older than 65 years of age at the commencement of 
first Global Health Care Policy. 
 
29. Network shall be construed as per the Standard Definition of Network Provider. 
 
30. Obesity:- 
Obesity means abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that may impair health. Obesity is measured in Body 
Mass Index. 
Body mass index (BMI) is a simple index of weight-for-height that is commonly used to classify overweight and 
obesity in adults. It is defined as a person's weight in kilograms divided by the square of his height in meters 
(kg/m2). 
The WHO definition is: 
  BMI greater than or equal to 25 is overweight  
  BMI greater than or equal to 30 is obesity 
 
31. Oral and maxillofacial surgical procedures outside India:- 
Oral and maxillofacial surgical procedures outside India refers to surgical treatment on the mouth, jaws, face or 
neck performed in a Hospital by an oral and maxillofacial surgeon for: oral pathology, temporomandibular joint 
disorders, facial bone fractures, congenital jaw deformities, salivary gland diseases and tumours.  
Unless You hold an International Dental Plan, We do not cover the following procedures even if they are 
performed by an oral and maxillofacial surgeon:  
  Surgical removal of impacted teeth  
  Surgical removal of cysts 
  Orthognathic surgeries for the correction of malocclusion. 
 
32. Organ transplant:- 
Organ transplant refers to the following organ or tissue transplants: heart, heart/valve, heart/lung, liver, pancreas, 
pancreas/kidney, kidney, bone marrow, parathyroid, muscular/skeletal and cornea. 
 
33. Periodontics (for international practice):- 
Periodontics refers to Dental Treatment related to gum disease. 
 
34. Podiatry 
Podiatry refers to Medically Necessary Treatment carried out by a State Registered podiatrist. 
 
35. Policy or Contract/ Global Health Care Policy:- 
Policy or Contract means the Proposal, the Policy Schedule, along with these Terms and Conditions issued to the 
Insured and any annexures and/or Endorsements attaching to and / or forming part thereof either at the 
commencement of Policy Period or during the Policy Period. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 8