Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
b.  Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the psychiatrist advising the same 
and which is not duly supported by his prescriptions 
c.  Alternate treatment other than Allopathic treatment are not covered. 
d.  For autism spectrum disorder, admissions, stays or day care treatment at specialised educational facilities are 
not covered. 
e.  Out-patient Treatment for Mental Illness 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
10. Rehabilitation 
Rehabilitation is defined as a set of interventions designed to optimize functioning and reduce disability in 
individuals with health conditions in interaction with their environment. It aims to restore original form or function 
after an acute Illness, Injury or surgery.  
Rehabilitation is a treatment that combines therapies such as physical, occupational and speech therapy. 
We will pay You up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for the cost of In-patient Rehabilitation provided 
a. it is carried out by a Medical Practitioner specializing in rehabilitation; and 
b. it is carried out in a licensed rehabilitation Hospital or unit; 
c. We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment  
and rehabilitation starts within 14 days of discharge from Hospital following acute medical and/or surgical 
treatment 
d. the treatment could not be carried out on an out-patient basis 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
11. Accommodation costs for one parent staying in Hospital with an Insured child under 18 years of age  
(Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
We will pay for reasonable accommodation costs of one parent for the duration of the Insured child’s admission to 
Hospital for eligible treatment under Section C, Part B.1-Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment, up to the limit 
specified in the Policy Schedule. If a suitable bed is not available in the Hospital, We will contribute the equivalent 
of the daily room rate in a three-star hotel towards any hotel costs incurred. 
This benefit would be applicable for the duration of Hospitalization of the Insured child. 
The Policy will not cover sundry expenses such as meals, phone calls or newspapers. 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
12. Emergency treatment outside area of cover (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only if “Excluding USA” cover 
is opted) 
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred for 
treatment of medical emergencies which occur during business or holiday trips outside Your area of cover. Cover is 
provided for up to six weeks per trip within the Sum Insured limit. It includes treatment required due to an Accident 
or the sudden beginning or worsening of a severe Illness which presents an immediate threat to Your health. 
Treatment by a Doctor must start within 24 hours of the Emergency event.  
 
Exclusion: 
Cover is not provided for curative or follow-up non-Emergency treatment, even if You are deemed unable to travel 
to a country within Your geographical area of cover. Nor does it extend to charges relating to maternity, pregnancy, 
childbirth or any complications of pregnancy or childbirth. 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
13. Medical repatriation (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
If the necessary treatment for which You are covered isn't available locally You can choose to be medically 
evacuated to Your home country for treatment, instead of to the nearest appropriate medical centre. This only 
applies when Your home country is within Your geographical area of cover. Following completion of treatment, We 
will also cover the cost of Your return trip (i.e. one way ticket) at economy rates, to the country from where you 
were repatriated. 
 
The return journey must take place within one month after treatment has been completed.  
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 16