Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
  Preventive treatment  
  Routine maternity, Routine Delivery and newborn care and Complications of childbirth 
  Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation/repatriation 
  Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of the repatriation of mortal remains 
  Travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died  
  Vaccinations 
31) Air Ambulance + Medical Evacuation (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
a.  costs for hotel suites, four or five-star hotel accommodation or hotel accommodation for an accompanying 
person 
b.  travel costs for accompanying person 
c.  travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation 
32) Mental Illness Treatment 
a.  Any expenses for Mental Illness Treatment related to Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive 
condition and consequences thereof. . 
b.  Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the psychiatrist advising the 
same and which is not duly supported by his prescriptions 
c.  Alternate treatment other than Allopathic treatment are not covered 
d.  For autism spectrum disorder, admissions, stays or day care treatment at specialised educational facilities 
are not covered. 
e.  Out-patient Treatment for Mental Illness. 
33) Emergency treatment outside area of cover 
Cover is not provided for curative or follow-up non-Emergency treatment, even if You are deemed unable to 
travel to a country within Your geographical area of cover. Nor does it extend to charges relating to maternity, 
pregnancy, childbirth or any complications of pregnancy or childbirth. 
34) Medical repatriation 
a.  travel costs for accompanying person 
b.  travel costs of Insured family members in the event of repatriation 
c.  travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died 
35) Repatriation of mortal remains 
Expense incurred for any person accompanying the remains is not covered. 
36) If  the  international  travel  is  intentionally  undertaken  with  an  intention  of  taking/undergoing  medical 
treatment/procedure outside India. 
37) The Standard Exclusion under “Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) (a) Expenses related to any admission 
primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only” are excluded even if the same requires confinement at a 
Hospital. 
 
 
C.  Applicable to Part B-II (OUT-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER) 
 
1.  Out-patient Treatment 
a.  During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all 
claims under out-patient except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period would not be 
applied during subsequent renewals. 
b.  Out-patient Dental Treatment expenses will not be covered. 
 
2.  Alternate/Complementary Treatment 
During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all claims 
under Alternate/Complementary Treatment except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting 
period would not be applied during subsequent renewals. 
 
3.  Physiotherapy Benefit 
a.  During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 90 days waiting period would be applicable for all 
claims under Physiotherapy Benefit except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period 
would not be applied during subsequent renewals 
b.  Physiotherapy does not include therapies such as Rolfing, massage, Pilates, Fango and Milta. 
 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 28