Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
the Emergency event. Cover does not extend to follow-up Dental Treatment, dental surgery, dental prostheses, 
orthodontics or periodontics. 
 
15. Emergency Treatment outside area of cover:- 
Emergency treatment outside area of cover is treatment for medical emergencies which occur during business or 
holiday trips outside Your area of cover. Cover is provided for up to six weeks per trip within the maximum benefit 
amount. It includes treatment required due to an Accident or the sudden beginning or worsening of a severe 
Illness which presents an immediate threat to Your health. Treatment by a Doctor must start within 24 hours of 
the Emergency event. Cover is not provided for curative or follow-up non-Emergency treatment, even if You are 
deemed unable to travel to a country within Your geographical area of cover. Nor does it extend to charges 
relating to maternity, pregnancy, childbirth or any complications of pregnancy or childbirth. You must tell Us if You 
are going to be outside Your area of cover for more than six weeks. 
 
16. Endorsement:- 
Endorsement means any writing on a Policy Schedule or Policy, in addition to its normal Policy Schedule/Policy 
wording/Standard Terms and Conditions which supplements or modifies its Policy Schedule/Policy 
Wording/Standard Terms and Conditions. It may be added when Policy is prepared, or subsequently. Provided 
however any Service Level Agreement [SLA] or Agreement/MOU laying down various service levels shall not be 
treated as Endorsement. 
 
17. Family history:- 
Family history exists where a parent, grandparent, sibling, child, aunt or uncle has been previously diagnosed with 
the medical condition in question. 
 
18. Home Country:- 
Home country is a country for which You hold a current passport or which is Your principal country of residence. 
 
19. Hospital (for International Cover):-  
Hospital for international practice is any establishment which is licensed as a medical or surgical Hospital in the 
country where it operates and where the patient is permanently supervised by a Doctor.  
The following are not considered Hospitals:  
“rest and nursing homes, spas, cure-centres and health resorts.” 
 
20. Inpatient:- shall be construed as per Standard Definition of Inpatient Care. 
 
21. Inpatient cash benefit:- 
In-patient cash benefit is payable when You receive Inpatient treatment free of charge for a medical condition that 
is covered by Us. Cover is limited to the amount and maximum number of nights specified in the Table of Benefits 
and is payable after You are discharged from Hospital. 
 
20. Limit of Indemnity:- 
Limit of Indemnity represents Our maximum liability to make payment for each and every claim per person and 
collectively for all persons mentioned in the Policy Schedule during the Policy Period and in the aggregate for the 
person(s) named in the Policy Schedule during the Policy Period, and means the amount stated in the Policy 
Schedule against each Cover. 
 
21. Living donor medical costs:- 
Living donor medical costs refer to the expenses We pay up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, towards 
organ donor’s treatment for harvesting of the donated organ, provided that, 
  The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with 
the local regulation and the organ donated is for the use of the Insured, and 
  We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In-patient Hospitalization treatment 
for organ transplant. 
 
22. Local (Road) ambulance:- 
Local (Road) ambulance is ambulance transport that is required for an Emergency or out of medical necessity, to 
the nearest available and appropriate Hospital or licensed medical facility. 
 
23. Medical Consumable:- 
Medical consumable and equipment includes syringes, needles, sutures, staples, packaging, tubing, 
catheters, medical gloves, gowns, masks, adhesives and sealants for wound dressing and a whole host of other 
devices and tools used with a Hospital or surgical environment 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 7