Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
15. Uterine Prolapse  16. Stones in the urinary and biliary systems 
18. Surgery on all internal or external tumours/ cysts/ 
17. Surgery on ears/tonsils/ 
nodules/polyps of any kind including breast lumps 
adenoids/ paranasal sinuses 
with exception of Malignant tumor or growth 
  19. Diseases of gall bladder including cholecystitis 
20. Pancreatitis  21. All forms of Cirrhosis 
22. Gout and rheumatism  23. Tonsilitis 
24. Surgery for varicose veins and 
25. Chronic Kidney Disease 
varicose ulcers 
26. Alzheimer’s Disease  27. Joint replacement surgery 
28. Surgery for vertebral column 
disorders  (unless necessitated due  29. Surgery to correct deviated nasal septum 
to an Accident) 
30. Hypertrophied turbinate  31. Congenital internal diseases or anomalies 
32. Treatment for correction of eye 
sight due to refractive error 
recommended by Ophthalmologist  33. Bariatric Surgery 
for medical reasons with refractive 
error greater or equal to 7.5 
34. Parkinson’s Disease  35. Genetic disorders 
 
3)  30-day waiting period (Code-Excl03) 
a.  Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 days from the first Policy commencement date shall 
be excluded except claims arising due to an Accident, provided the same are covered. 
b.  This exclusion shall not, however apply if the Insured has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve months. 
c.  The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting 
higher Sum Insured subsequently. 
 
4)  Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) 
a.  Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded . 
b.  Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are 
excluded.  
 
5)  Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code-Excl05) 
a.  Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also 
includes: 
b.  Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living 
such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons. 
c.  Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs. 
 
6)  Obesity/Weight Control (Code-Excl06) 
a.  Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions: 
b.  Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor 
c.  The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols 
d.  The member has to be 18 years of age or older and 
e.  Body Mass Index (BMI); 
i.  greater than or equal to 40 or 
ii.  greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure 
of less invasive methods of weight loss: 
f.  Obesity-related cardiomyopathy 
g.  Coronary heart disease 
h.  Severe Sleep Apnea 
i.  Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes 
 
7)  Change-of-gender treatments (Code-Excl07) 
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those 
of the opposite sex. 
 
8)  Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code-Excl08) 
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction 
following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of Medically Necessary Treatment to remove a direct and 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 25