Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
  Currency: Please specify the currency You wish to be paid in. On rare occasions, We may not be able to 
make a payment in that currency due to international banking regulations. If this happens, We will identify a 
suitable alternative currency. If We have to make a conversion from one currency to another, We will use the 
exchange rate that applied on the date the invoices were issued, or on the date that We pay Your claim.  
Please note that We reserve the right to choose which currency exchange rate to apply. 
  Reimbursement: We will only reimburse (within the limit of  Your Policy) eligible costs after considering any 
Treatment Guarantee requirements, Deductibles or co-payments outlined in the Table of Benefits. 
Reasonable and customary cost: We will only reimburse charges that are reasonable and customary in 
accordance with standard and generally accepted medical procedures. If We consider a claim to be 
inappropriate, We reserve the right to decline Your claim or reduce the amount We pay.  
 
  Deposits: If You have to pay a deposit in advance of any medical treatment, We will reimburse this cost only 
after treatment has taken place. This is only applicable where deposit amount was deducted from the final bill 
issued by the medical provider to us. 
 
  Providing information: You and Your dependants agree to help Us get all the information We need to process 
a claim. We have the right to access all medical records and to have direct discussions with the medical 
provider or the treating Doctor. We may, at Our own expense, request a medical examination by Our Doctors if 
We think it's necessary. All information will be treated confidentially. We reserve the right to withhold benefits if 
You or Your dependants do not support Us in getting the information We need. 
 
B.  Seeking treatment? 
 
We understand that seeking treatment can be stressful. Follow the steps below so We can look after the details – 
while You concentrate on getting better. 
Check Your level of cover 
First, check that Your plan covers the treatment You are seeking. Your Table of Benefits will confirm what is 
covered. However, You can always call Our Helpline if You have any queries. 
24/7 International Helpline number +353 1 630 1301 
 
Some treatments require Our pre-approval 
Certain benefits under this policy for International Cover would require You to seek pre-approval at least 72 hours 
prior to admission or availing the benefit in case of planned treatments. The pre-approval process helps Us assess 
each case, organize everything with the Hospital before Your arrival and make direct payment of Your Hospital bill 
easier, where possible. If You make a claim without obtaining Our pre-approval the following will apply:   
i.  If the treatment received is subsequently proven to be medically unnecessary, We reserve the right to 
decline Your claim in accordance with the policy terms and conditions 
ii.  If the treatment is subsequently proven to be medically necessary, we will process the claim basis on 
reasonable and customary expenses up to 80% of the coverage, subject to the policy terms and conditions. 
List of coverage which require prior approval are as below. 
i.  In-patient Hospitalization Treatment (Section C, Part B,I-1) 
ii.  Day Care Procedures (Section C, Part B,I-5) 
iii.  Living Donor Medical Costs (Section C, Part B,I-6) 
iv.  Mental Illness Treatment (Section C, Part B,I-9) 
v.  Accommodation costs for one parent staying in Hospital with an Insured child under 18 years of age 
(Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) (Section C, Part B,I-11) 
vi.  Palliative care (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) (Section C, Part B,I-16) 
Claiming for Your out-patient, dental and other expenses 
If Your treatment does not require Our pre-approval, You can simply pay the bill and claim the expenses from Us. 
In this case, follow these steps: 
1. Receive Your medical treatment and pay the medical provider. 
2. Get an invoice from Your medical provider. (This should state Your name, treatment date(s), the 
diagnosis/medical condition that You received treatment for, the date of onset of symptoms, the nature of the 
treatment and the fees charged.) 
3. Claim back Your eligible costs via Our MyHealth app or online portal (www.allianzcare.com/en/myhealth). 
Simply enter a few key details, add Your invoice(s) and press ‘submit’. 
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 38