Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
II.  OUT-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER (Applicable to Imperial Plus Plan only) 
 
1.  Out-patient Treatment 
If You consult a consultant/Medical Practitioner on Outpatient basis for the Illness/ Injury contracted during the 
Policy Period, We will pay You Out Patient expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for 
a. Medical Practitioner fees 
b. Specialist fees 
c. Diagnostic tests 
d. Prescription drugs 
 
Exclusions: 
a.  During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all 
claims under out-patient except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period would not 
be applied during subsequent renewals. 
b.  Out-patient Dental Treatment expenses will not be covered 
 
2.  Physiotherapy Benefit 
We will pay the expenses incurred towards Prescribed Physiotherapy taken on Out-patient basis for Illness/Injury 
contracted during the Policy Period, maximum up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule, provided that, 
a. The treatment is referred by a Doctor or prescribed by a Specialist consultant for Muskulo- skeletal 
/Neurological diseases / Injuries or other Systemic diseases 
b. The treatment should be carried out by a registered physiotherapist in a Hospital or a clinic as defined under 
the Policy 
c. Physiotherapy is initially restricted to 12 sessions per condition, after which treatment must be reviewed by the 
Doctor who referred You. If You need further sessions, You must send Us a new progress report after every 
set of 12 sessions, indicating the medical necessity for more treatment.  
 
Exclusion: 
a.  During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 90 days waiting period would be applicable for all 
claims under Physiotherapy Benefit except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period 
would not be applied during subsequent renewals 
b.  Physiotherapy does not include therapies such as Rolfing, massage, Pilates, Fango and Milta. 
 
3. Alternate/Complementary Treatment Expenses 
If You consult a therapist on Outpatient basis for the Illness/ Injury contracted during the Policy Period, We will pay 
You Out Patient expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for Alternate treatment methods namely 
chiropractic treatment, osteopathy, Chinese herbal medicine, homeopathy, acupuncture and podiatry as practised 
by approved therapists. 
 
Exclusions: 
During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all claims 
under Alternate/Complementary Treatment Expenses except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the 
waiting period would not be applied during subsequent renewals. 
 
 
III.  DENTAL PLAN BENEFITS (Optional) 
In consideration of payment of additional premium by the Insured to the Company and realization thereof by the 
Company, it is hereby agreed and declared that Global Health Care Policy is extended to pay the expenses 
incurred for the below mentioned Dental related covers with a mandatory Co-Payment of 20% on each and every 
claim, subject to terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule. 
 
1. Dental treatment outside India 
We will pay Customary and Reasonable expenses up to the limits specifies in the Policy Schedule incurred for 
Dental Treatment which includes annual check-up, simple fillings related to cavities or decay, root canal 
treatment and dental prescription drugs. 
 
2. Dental surgery outside India 
We will pay Customary and Reasonable expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule incurred for 
Dental Surgery which includes the surgical extraction of teeth, as well as other tooth-related surgical procedures 
such as apicoectomy, Surgical removal of cysts, Orthognathic surgeries for the correction of malocclusion and 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 18