Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
16.  Grace Period:- 
Grace period means the specified period of time immediately following the premium due date during which a 
payment can be made to renew or continue a Policy in force without loss of continuity benefits such as waiting 
periods and coverage of pre-existing diseases. Coverage is not available for the period for which no premium is 
received. 
 
17.  Hospital:- 
A Hospital means any institution established for Inpatient care and Day Care Treatment of Illness and/or injuries 
and which has been registered as a Hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments 
(Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010 OR under the enactments specified under the Schedule of Section 56(1) 
of the said Act OR complies with all minimum criteria as under: 
i.  has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock; 
ii.  has at least 10 Inpatient beds in towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 and at least 15 Inpatient 
beds in all other places; 
iii.  has qualified Medical Practitioner(s) in charge round the clock; 
iv.  has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out; 
v.  maintains daily records of patients and makes these accessible to the Insurance Company’s authorized 
personnel. 
 
18.  Hospitalization:- 
Hospitalization means admission in a Hospital for a minimum period of 24 consecutive In-patient Care hours 
except for specified procedures/ treatments, where such admission could be for a period of less than 24 
consecutive hours. 
 
19.  Illness:- 
Illness means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the impairment of normal physiological 
function and requires medical treatment. 
a.    Acute condition - Acute condition is a disease, Illness or Injury that is likely to respond quickly to treatment 
which aims to return the person to his or her state of health immediately before suffering the 
disease/Illness/Injury which leads to full recovery. 
b.   Chronic condition – A chronic condition is defined as a disease, Illness, or Injury that has one or more of the 
following characteristics: 
a.  it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-ups, and /or tests 
b.  it needs ongoing or long-term control for relief of symptoms 
c.  it requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the patient to be specially trained to cope with it 
d.  it continues indefinitely 
e.  it recurs or is likely to recur. 
 
20.  Injury:- 
Injury means Accidental physical bodily harm excluding Illness or disease solely and directly caused by external, 
violent, visible and evident means which is verified and certified by a Medical Practitioner. 
 
21.  Inpatient Care:- 
Inpatient care means treatment for which the Insured has to stay in a Hospital for more than 24 hours for a 
covered event. 
 
22.  Intensive Care Unit:- 
Intensive Care Unit means an identified section, ward or wing of a Hospital which is under the constant 
supervision of a dedicated Medical Practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped for the continuous monitoring 
and treatment of patients who are in a critical condition, or require life support facilities and where the level of care 
and supervision is considerably more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards. 
 
23.  ICU Charges:- 
ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses which shall 
include the expenses for ICU bed, general medical support services provided to any ICU patient including 
monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges. 
 
24.  Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis:- 
End  stage  renal  disease  presenting  as  chronic  irreversible  failure  of  both kidneys  to  function,  as  a  result  
of  which  either  regular  renal  dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is 
carried  out.  Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a Specialist Medical Practitioner. 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 3