Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
Policy Wordings 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223 
SECTION A) PREAMBLE 
 
Whereas the Insured described in the Policy Schedule hereto (hereinafter called the ‘Insured’ or “Policyholder” or 
“Insured Person”) has made to Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited (hereinafter called the “Company” 
or “Insurer” or “Insurance Company”) a proposal or Proposal as mentioned in the transcript of the Proposal, which 
shall be the basis of this Contract and is deemed to be incorporated herein, containing certain undertakings, 
declarations, information/particulars and statements, which is hereby agreed to be the basis of this Contract and be 
considered as incorporated herein, for the insurance Contract hereinafter contained and has paid the premium 
specified in the Policy Schedule hereto as consideration for such insurance Contract, now the Company agrees, 
subject always to the Policy Schedule and the following terms, conditions, exclusions, and limitations of the Policy, 
and in excess of the amount of the Deductible/Co-Payment, to indemnify the Insured in respect of an admissible 
claim in the manner and to the extent hereinafter stated. 
 
SECTION B) DEFINITIONS - STANDARD DEFINITIONS 
Words or terms mentioned below have the meaning ascribed to them wherever they appear in this Policy, and 
references to the singular or to the masculine, include references to the plural or to the feminine wherever the context 
permits. If any word starts with Capital alphabet but is not defined in the Standard Definitions or Specific Definitions, 
then such word shall be interpreted as per the headings of the respective clauses/points in these Policy Wordings. 
 
1.  Accident:- 
An Accident means sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means. 
 
2.  Any one Illness:- 
Any one Illness means continuous Period of Illness and it includes relapse within 45 days from the date of last 
consultation with the Hospital/Nursing Home where treatment was taken. 
 
3.  AYUSH Hospital:- 
An AYUSH Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein medical/surgical/para-surgical treatment procedures and 
interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following: 
a. Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or 
b. Teaching Hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by the Central Government/Central Council of 
Indian Medicine/Central Council for Homeopathy; or 
c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with Inpatient healthcare facility of any recognized system of 
medicine, registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualified 
registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the following criterion: 
i. Having at least 5 Inpatient beds; 
ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock; 
iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where 
surgical procedures are to be carried out; 
iv.Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the Insurance Company’s 
authorized representative. 
 
4.  AYUSH Day Care Centre:- 
AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health Centre (PHC), 
Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such health centre which is registered with the local authorities, wherever 
applicable and having facilities for carrying out treatment procedures and medical or surgical/para-surgical 
interventions or both under the supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) on Day Care Treatment 
basis without Inpatient services and must comply with all the following criterion: 
i.  Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) in charge; 
ii.  Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where 
surgical procedures are to be carried out; 
iii.  Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the  Insurance Company’s 
authorized representative. 
 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 1