Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
8. Migration 
The Insured will have the option to migrate the Policy to other health insurance products/plans offered by the 
Company by applying for migration of the Policy at least 30 days before the Policy renewal date as per IRDAI 
guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses 
under any health insurance product/plan offered by the Company, the Insured will get the accrued continuity 
benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on migration. 
For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link 
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3 
 
9. Portability 
The Insured will have the option to port the Policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire 
Policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the 
Policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently covered and has been 
continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance Policy with an Indian General/Health insurer, 
the proposed Insured will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on 
portability. 
For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link 
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/Circulars_List.aspx?mid=3.2.3 
 
 
10. Renewal of Policy 
The Policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on misrepresentation by the insured person, grounds of fraud, 
misrepresentation by the insured person. 
i.  The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give 
any notice for renewal. 
ii.  Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in the 
preceding Policy years. 
iii.  Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the 
Policy Period. 
iv.  At the end of the Policy Period, the Policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 
days to maintain continuity of benefits without break in Policy. Coverage is not available during the grace 
period. 
v.  No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience 
 
11. Withdrawal of Policy 
i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about 
the same 90 days prior to expiry of the Policy. 
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at 
the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period 
as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the Policy has been maintained without a break. 
 
12. Moratorium Period 
After completion of eight continuous years under this Policy no look back to be applied. This period of eight years is 
called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured of the first Policy and 
subsequently completion of eight continuous years would be applicable from date of enhancement of sums insured 
only on the enhanced limits. After the expiry of Moratorium Period no claim under this Policy shall be contestable 
except for proven fraud and permanent exclusions specified in the Policy contract. The policies would however be 
subject to all limits, sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the Policy contract. 
 
13. Premium Payment in Instalments (Wherever applicable)  
If the Insured has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e., Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as 
mentioned in the Policy Schedule, the following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary 
elsewhere in the Policy)  
i. Grace Period of 15 days would be given to pay the instalment premium due for the Policy.  
ii. During such grace period, coverage will not be available from the due date of instalment premium till the date of 
receipt of premium by Company.  
iii. The Insured will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the “Waiting Periods”, “Specific Waiting Periods” 
in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period.  
iv. No interest will be charged If the instalment premium is not paid on due date.  
v. In case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the Policy will get cancelled.  
vi. In the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable.  
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 31