Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
immediate health risk to the Insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the 
attending Medical Practitioner. 
 
9)  Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code-Excl09) 
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure 
sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing 
or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving. 
 
10) Breach of law (Code-Excl10) 
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured committing or attempting to commit 
a breach of law with criminal intent. 
 
11) Excluded Providers (Code-Excl11) 
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any Hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider 
specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible.  
However, in case of life threatening situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization 
are payable but not the complete claim. 
 
12) Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Code-
Excl12) 
 
13) Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered 
as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic 
reasons. (Code-Excl13) 
 
14) Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to 
Vitamins, minerals and organic substances unless prescribed by a Medical Practitioner as part of Hospitalization 
claim or Day Care Procedure. (Code-Excl14) 
 
15) Refractive Error (Code-Excl15) 
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres. 
 
16) Unproven Treatments (Code-Excl16)  
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. 
Unproven Treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to 
support their effectiveness. 
 
17) Sterility and Infertility (Code-Excl17) 
a.  Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes: 
b.  Any type of contraception, sterilization 
c.  Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such 
as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI 
d.  Gestational Surrogacy 
e.  Reversal of sterilization 
 
18) Maternity (Code-Excl18):  
a.  Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections 
incurred during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy. 
b.  Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during 
the Policy Period. 
 
SECTION D) EXCLUSIONS– SPECIFIC EXCLUSIONS APPLICABLE TO INTERNATIONAL COVER UNDER 
SECTION C) BENEFITS COVERED UNDER THE POLICY 
 
B.  Applicable to Part B-I, B-II, B-III 
We do not cover the following expenses unless indicated otherwise in the Table of Benefits or in any written Policy 
endorsement 
1)  Any  Dental Treatment that comprises of cosmetic surgery, dentures, dental prosthesis, dental implants, 
orthodontics, surgery of any kind unless as a result of Accidental Bodily Injury to natural teeth and also requiring 
Hospitalization unless specified . 
2)  Medical expenses where Inpatient care is not warranted and does not require supervision of qualified nursing 
staff and qualified Medical Practitioner round the clock 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 26