Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
27. Basis of Claims Payment (For International Cover only) 
Currency: Please specify the currency You wish to be paid in. On rare occasions, We may not be able to make a 
payment in that currency due to international banking regulations. If this happens, We will identify a suitable 
alternative currency. If We have to make a conversion from one currency to another, We will use the exchange rate 
that applied on the date the invoices were issued, or on the date that We pay  Your claim.  
Please note that We reserve the right to choose which currency exchange rate to apply. 
 
28. Cost Sharing  
a. You  shall bear 20% of Co-Payment for each and every claim payable under Section C Part B III- Dental Plan 
Benefits (Optional cover) and Our liability, if any, shall only be in excess of that sum.  
b. If opted, an aggregate Deductible as specified in the Policy Schedule will apply for expenses under Inpatient 
plan benefits outside India.  
 
29. Cumulative Bonus (For Domestic Cover only):  
If You renew Your Global Health Care Policy with Us without any break and there has been no claim in the 
preceding year, We will increase the Limit of Indemnity by 20% of Domestic Cover’s base Sum Insured per annum, 
but: 
i.  The maximum cumulative increase in the Limit of Indemnity will be limited to 100% of Domestic Cover’s base 
Sum Insured. 
ii.  This clause does not alter the annual character of this insurance or Our right to decline to renew or to cancel the 
Policy, under the circumstances described in cancellation clause stated under the Policy 
iii. If a claim is made in any year where a cumulative increase has been applied, then the increased Limit of 
Indemnity in the Policy Period of the subsequent Global Health Care Policy shall be reduced by 20%, save that 
the limit of indemnity applicable shall be preserved. 
 
30. Changing country of residence 
It is important to let Us know when You change Your country of residence. This may affect  Your cover, the 
availability of the services included in  Your plan or  Your premium, even if You are moving to an area within  Your 
Network, as  Your existing plan may not be valid there. Cover in some countries is subject to local health insurance 
restrictions, particularly for residents of that country. It is Your responsibility to ensure that  Your health cover is 
legally appropriate. If You are not sure, please get independent legal advice, as We may no longer be able to cover 
You. The cover We provide is not a substitute for local compulsory health insurance.  
 
31. Withdrawal of Policy 
i.  In the likelihood of this Policy/product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the 
Insured about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the Policy Period. 
ii.  Insured will have the option to Migrate to similar Policy, if available, with the Company at the time of 
renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of Waiting Period 
as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the Policy has been maintained without a break. 
iii.  If the Company has no alternative or similar products then the Insured may opt for any Health 
Indemnity products available with the Company with all the accrued continuity benefits such as 
cumulative bonus, waiver of Waiting Period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the Policy has been 
maintained without a break. 
 
32. Endorsements (Changes in Policy)  
i.  This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. This Policy cannot be modified by anyone 
(including an insurance agent or broker) except the Company. Any change made by the Company 
shall be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped.  
ii.  The Policyholder may be changed only at the time of renewal. The new Policyholder must be the 
legal heir/immediate family member of Policyholder. Such change would be subject to acceptance by 
the Company and payment of premium (if any). The renewed Policy shall be treated as having been 
renewed without break.  
iii.  The Policyholder may be changed during the Policy Period only in case of his/her demise or him/her 
moving out of India.  
 
33. Terms and conditions of the Policy  
The terms and conditions contained herein and in the Policy Schedule shall be deemed to form part of the 
Policy and shall be read together as one document. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 34