Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
3.  Post-Hospitalization 
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 180 days immediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization 
provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same Illness/Injury for which the earlier Hospitalization was 
required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.  
 
4.  Local (Road) Ambulance 
We will pay the reasonable cost, specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred on an ambulance offered by a 
healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequate Emergency 
facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency or out of medical necessity. 
 
We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service 
provider for transferring You from the Hospital where You were admitted initially to another Hospital with higher 
medical facilities. 
Claim under this section shall be payable by Us only when: 
i.  Such life threatening Emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and 
ii.  We have accepted Your Claim under "In-patient Hospitalization Treatment" or "Day Care Procedures" section of 
the Policy. 
Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and exclusions of the Policy. 
 
5.  Day Care Procedures 
We will pay You the medical expenses as listed under Section C, Part A I-1- In-patient Hospitalization Treatment 
for Day care procedures / Surgeries taken as an Inpatient in a Hospital or Day Care Centre but not in the outpatient 
department. List of Day Care Procedures is as given in the Annexure I of Policy wordings. 
 
6.  Living Donor Medical Costs 
We will pay expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, towards organ donor’s treatment for 
harvesting of the donated organ, provided that, 
1.  The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with 
THE TRANSPLANTATION OF HUMAN ORGANS (AMENDMENT) BILL, 2011and the organ donated is for the 
use of the Insured, and 
2.  We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment 
(Section C, Part A I-1). 
 
7.  Annual Preventive Health Check-up 
After each renewal of Global Health Care Policy with Us, You will be entitled for an Annual Preventive Health 
Check-up. We will reimburse the amount as per the limits specified in the Policy Schedule.  
You may approach Us for the arrangement of the Health Check up. For the avoidance of doubt, We shall not be 
liable for any other ancillary or peripheral costs or expenses (including but not limited to those for transportation, 
accommodation or sustenance).  
Contact Email id- healthcheck@bajajallianz.co.in. 
Note: Payment under this benefit will not reduce the base sum Insured mentioned in Policy Schedule. 
 
8.  Ayurvedic / Homeopathic Hospitalization Expenses  
If You are Hospitalized for not less than 24 hrs, in an Ayurvedic / Homeopathic Hospital which is a government 
Hospital or in any institute recognized by government and/or accredited by Quality Council of India/National 
Accreditation Board on Health on the advice of a Medical Practitioner because of Illness or Accidental Bodily Injury 
sustained or contracted during the Policy Period then We will pay You: 
In-patient Treatment- Medical Expenses for Ayurvedic and Homeopathic treatment: 
  Room rent, boarding expenses 
  Nursing care  
  Consultation fees 
  Medicines, drugs and Medical consumables, 
  Ayurvedic and Homeopathic treatment procedures 
Our maximum liability is up to In-patient Hospitalization Sum Insured. 
 
The claim will be admissible under the Policy provided that, the Illness/Injury requires Inpatient admission and the 
procedure performed on the Insured cannot be carried out on out-patient basis. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 11