Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
25.  Maternity expenses:- 
Maternity expenses means;  
a.  medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections 
incurred during Hospitalization);  
b.  expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy Period. 
  
26.  Medical Advice:- 
Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any 
prescription or follow up prescription. 
 
27.  Medical Expenses:- 
Medical Expenses means those expenses that an Insured has necessarily and actually incurred for medical 
treatment on account of Illness or Accident on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these are no more 
than would have been payable if the Insured had not been Insured and no more than other Hospitals or Medical 
Practitioners in the same locality would have charged for the same medical treatment. 
 
28.  Medical Practitioner/Doctor/ Physician:- 
Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any State or 
Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a 
State Government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within its scope 
and jurisdiction of license.  
 
29.  Medically Necessary Treatment:- 
Medically necessary treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, or stay in Hospital or part of a stay in 
Hospital which: 
i.  is required for the medical management of the Illness or Injury suffered by the Insured; 
ii.  must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical care in 
scope, duration, or intensity; 
iii.  must have been prescribed by a Medical Practitioner, 
iv.  must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the 
medical community in India. 
 
30.  Migration:- 
Migration means, the right accorded to health insurance policyholders (including all members under family cover 
and members under family cover and members of group health insurance Policy), to transfer the credit gained for 
pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, with the same insurer. 
 
31.  Network Provider:- 
Network Provider means Hospitals or health care providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an Insurer 
and TPA to provide medical services to an Insured by a Cashless Facility. 
 
32.    New Born Baby:- 
New Born Baby means baby born during the Policy Period and is aged up to 90 days. 
 
33.  Non- Network Provider:- 
Non-Network Provider means any Hospital, Day Care Centre or other provider that is not part of the Network. 
 
34.  Notification of Claim:- 
Notification of claim means the process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the recognized 
modes of communication. 
 
35.  OPD treatment:- 
OPD treatment means the one in which the Insured visits a clinic / Hospital or associated facility like a 
consultation room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured is not 
admitted as a Day Care Treatment or Inpatient. 
 
36.  Portability:- 
Portability means the right accorded to an individual health insurance policyholder (including all members 
under family cover) to transfer the credit gained for pre-existing conditions and time-bound exclusions from 
one insurer to another. 
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 4