Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
intend to cause, or likely to cause, death or, or injuries to any person or persons or loss of, or damage to, or 
destruction of, property or disruption of any supplies or services essential to the life of the community or causes 
damage or destruction of any property or equipment used or intended to be used for the defence of India or in 
connection with any other purposes of the Government of India, any State Government or an of their agencies, or 
detains any person and threatens to kill or injure such person in order to compel the Government or any other 
person to do or abstain from doing any act. Provided further that for the above acts appropriate criminal 
prosecution has been initiated by police and charge sheet has been filed in competent court of criminal 
jurisdiction, either under special law or under general law. 
 
3.  Bajaj Allianz Network Hospitals / Network Hospitals/Network Providers:- 
Bajaj Allianz Network Hospitals / Network Hospitals means the Hospitals which have been empanelled by the 
Insurer as per the latest     version of the list of Hospitals maintained by the Insurer, which is available to You on 
request. For updated list please visit Our website. 
 
4.  Bajaj Allianz Diagnostic Centre:- 
Bajaj Allianz Diagnostic Centre means the diagnostic centers which have been empanelled by Us as per the latest 
version of the schedule of diagnostic centers maintained by Us, which is available to You on request. 
 
5.  Alternate/Complementary treatment:- 
Complementary treatment refers to therapeutic and diagnostic treatment that exists outside of traditional Western 
medicine viz. chiropractic treatment, osteopathy, Chinese herbal medicine, homeopathy, acupuncture and 
podiatry as practised by approved therapists. 
 
6.  Dental prescription drugs outside India:- 
Dental prescription drugs outside India refers to those prescribed by a dentist for the treatment of dental 
inflammation or infection. The prescription drugs must be proven to be effective for the condition and recognized 
by the pharmaceutical regulator in a given country. They do not include mouthwashes, fluoride products, 
antiseptic gels and toothpastes. 
 
7.  Dental prostheses outside India:- 
Dental prostheses outside India includes crowns, inlays, onlays, adhesive reconstructions/restorations, bridges, 
dentures and implants as well as all necessary and ancillary treatment required 
 
8.  Dental surgery outside India:- 
Dental surgery outside India includes the surgical extraction of teeth, as well as other tooth-related surgical 
procedures such as apicoectomy and dental prescription drugs. All investigative procedures that establish the 
need for dental surgery such as laboratory tests, X-rays, CT scans and MRI(s) are included under this benefit. 
Dental surgery does not cover surgical treatment that relates to dental implants. 
 
9.  Dental treatment outside India:- 
Dental treatment outside India includes an annual check-up, simple fillings related to cavities or decay, root canal 
treatment and dental prescription drugs. 
 
10. Dependent:- 
Dependent means a family member who is Your spouse, children and parents/parents-in-law. 
 
11. Dependent child:- 
A child is considered a dependent for insurance purposes up to the day before his/her 25th birthday. If enrolled in 
full time education a child is considered as dependent up to the day before his/her 30th birthday provided he is 
financially dependent on the proposer. 
 
12. Diagnostic tests:- 
Diagnostic tests refers to investigations such as x-rays or blood tests, undertaken to determine the cause of the 
presented symptoms. 
 
13. Emergency and Emergency Treatment 
Emergency Treatment shall be accordingly taken/interpreted as per definition of Emergency Care read with this 
definition. Provided however only treatment commencing within 24 hours of the Emergency event will be covered. 
 
14. Emergency Inpatient Dental Treatment arising from an Accident:- 
Emergency Inpatient Dental Treatment arising from an Accident refers to acute Emergency Dental Treatment that 
is due to a serious Accident and requires admission to Hospital. The treatment must take place within 24 hours of 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 6