Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
34. Change of Sum Insured  
Sum Insured can be changed (increased/ decreased) only at the time of renewal or at any time, subject to 
underwriting by the Company. For any increase in SI, the waiting period shall start afresh only for the enhanced 
portion of the Sum Insured. 
 
35. Sum Insured Enhancement:  
i.  The Insured can apply for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of renewal. You can apply for enhancement 
of Sum Insured by submitting a fresh proposal form to the Company.  
ii.  The acceptance of enhancement of Sum Insured would be at the discretion of the Company, based on the 
health condition of the Insured(s) & claim history of the Policy. 
iii.  All waiting periods as defined in the Policy shall apply for this enhanced Sum Insured limit from the effective 
date of enhancement of such Sum Insured considering such Policy Period as the first Policy with the Company.  
 
36. Inclusion of members under the Policy: 
Where an Insured is added to this Policy, either by way of Endorsement or at the time of renewal, the pre-existing 
disease clause, exclusions and waiting periods will be applicable considering such Policy Year as the first year of 
Policy with the Company for the New/included Insured. 
 
37. Territorial Limits & Governing Law (for Domestic Cover only): 
i.  We cover medical expenses for treatment availed within India only. Our liability to make any payment shall be to 
make payment within India and in Indian Rupees only. 
ii.  The Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. No change or alteration shall be valid or effective 
unless approved in writing by Us, which approval shall be evidenced by an Endorsement on the Schedule. 
iii.  The construction, interpretation and meaning of the provisions of this Policy shall be determined in accordance 
with Indian law. The section headings of this Policy are included for descriptive purposes only and do not form 
part of this Policy for the purpose of its construction or interpretation. 
iv.  Subject to Arbitration clause, the competent court in India shall have exclusive jurisdiction under this Policy. 
 
38. Territorial Limits & Governing Law (for International Cover only): 
i.  We cover medical expenses for treatment availed World-wide outside of India (including or excluding USA as 
specified in the Policy Schedule). 
ii.  You may specify the currency You wish to be paid in. On rare occasions, We may not be able to make a 
payment in that currency due to international banking regulations. If this happens, We will identify a suitable 
alternative currency. If We have to make a conversion from one currency to another, We will use the exchange 
rate that applied on the date the invoices were issued, or on the date that We pay  Your claim.  
iii.  Please note that We reserve the right to choose which currency exchange rate to apply. 
iv.  The Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. No change or alteration shall be valid or effective 
unless approved in writing by Us, which approval shall be evidenced by an Endorsement on the Schedule. 
v.  Your Policy is exclusively governed by the Indian Law and Indian Courts jurisdiction. 
vi.  The construction, interpretation and meaning of the provisions of this Policy shall be determined in accordance 
with Indian law. The section headings of this Policy are included for descriptive purposes only and do not form 
part of this Policy for the purpose of its construction or interpretation 
 
39. Economic sanctions (for International Cover  only):  
Cover is not provided if any element of the cover ,benefit, activity, business or underlying business violates any 
applicable sanction law or regulations of the United Nations, the European Union or any other applicable economic 
or trade sanction law or regulations. 
 
40. Circumstances outside Our control (force majeure):  
We will always do Our best for You, but We are not liable for delays or failures in Our obligations to You caused by 
things which are outside of Our reasonable control. Examples are extremely severe weather, floods, landslides, 
earthquakes, storms, lightning, fire, subsidence, epidemics, acts of terrorism, outbreaks of military hostilities 
(whether or not war is declared), riots, explosions, strikes or other labour unrest, civil disturbances, sabotage and 
expropriation by governmental authorities. 
 
41. The wordings “The Policyholder may be changed during the Policy Period only in case of his/her demise or him/her 
moving out of India.” In the Standard Terms and Conditions shall not be applicable to this Policy as this Policy also 
covers the international Health coverage. 
 
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 35