Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
D.  Applicable for Part B-III (DENTAL PLAN BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER) 
  During the first year of Global Health Care Policy with Us, 30 days waiting period would be applicable for all 
claims under Dental Plan Benefits except those arising out of Accidental Injury, however the waiting period 
would not be applied during subsequent renewals 
  Dental surgery does not cover surgical treatment that relates to dental implants. 
  Dental Prostheses, dental implants, orthodontics  
 
 
 
SECTION E) GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - STANDARD GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
1. Disclosure of Information 
The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of 
misrepresentation, mis description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the Policy holder. 
 
(Explanation- “Material facts” for the purpose of this Policy shall mean all relevant information sought by the 
Company in the proposal form and other connected documents to enable it to take informed decision in the context 
of underwriting the risk.) 
 
2. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability 
The terms and conditions of the Policy must be fulfilled by the Insured for the Company to make any payment for 
claim(s) arising under the Policy. 
 
3. Claim Settlement. (provision for Penal interest) 
i.  The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 30 days from the date of receipt of last 
necessary document.  
ii.  ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the Policyholder 
from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of claim at a rate 2% above the 
bank rate.  
iii.  However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall 
initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of 
receipt of last necessary document. In such cases, the Company shall settle or reject the claim within 45 days 
from the date of receipt of last necessary document.  
iv.  In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the Policyholder at a 
rate 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of 
claim. 
  (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the beginning of 
the financial year in which claim has fallen due) 
 
4. Complete Discharge 
Any payment to the Policyholder, Insured or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or assignee or to the 
Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the Policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of claim 
by the Company to the extent of that amount for the particular claim. 
 
5. Multiple Policies 
i.  In case of multiple policies taken by an Insured during a period from the same or one or more insurers to 
indemnify treatment costs, the Insured shall have the right to require a settlement of his/her claim in terms of 
any of his/her policies. ln all such cases the insurer chosen by the Insured shall be obliged to settle the claim as 
long as the claim is within the limits of and according to the terms of the chosen Policy. 
ii.  Insured having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this Policy for the amounts 
disallowed under any other policy / policies even if the Sum Insured is not exhausted. Then the insurer shall 
independently settle the claim subject to the terms and conditions of this Policy. 
iii.  If the amount to be claimed exceeds the Sum Insured under a single policy, the Insured shall have the right to 
choose insurer from whom he/she wants to claim the balance amount. 
iv.  Where an Insured has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, the 
Insured shall only be indemnified the treatment costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen 
policy. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 29