Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
  Out-patient treatment  
  Prescribed medical aids  
  Preventive treatment  
  Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of an evacuation/repatriation 
  Travel costs of Insured family members in the event of the repatriation of mortal remains 
  Travel costs of Insured members to be with a family member who is at peril of death or who has died  
29) Exclusions applicable to Mental Illness Treatment: 
a.  Any expenses for Mental Illness Treatment related to Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive 
condition and consequences thereof.. 
b.  Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the psychiatrist advising the 
same and which is not duly supported by his prescriptions. 
c.  Alternate treatment other than Allopathic treatment are not covered. 
d.  For autism spectrum disorder, admissions, stays or day care treatment at specialised educational facilities 
are not covered. 
e.  Out-patient Treatment for Mental Illness. 
 
30) The Standard Exclusion under “Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) (a) Expenses related to any 
admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only” are excluded even if the same requires 
confinement at a Hospital. 
 
   
SECTION D) EXCLUSIONS- STANDARD EXCLUSIONS APPLICABLE TO PART B- INTERNATIONAL COVER 
UNDER SECTION C) BENEFITS COVERED UNDER THE POLICY 
 
A.  Applicable for Part B-I (IN-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR INTERNATIONAL COVER ) 
 
1)  Pre-Existing Diseases (Code-Excl01) 
a.  Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-Existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be 
excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Global 
Health Care Policy with Insurer.  
b.  In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase. 
c.  If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant 
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior 
coverage. 
d.  Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same 
being declared at the time of application and accepted by Insurer. 
 
2)  Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Code-Excl02) 
a.  Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the 
expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first Global Health Care Policy 
with Us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an Accident.  
b.  In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase.  
c.  If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing diseases, 
then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply. 
d.  The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted 
without a specific exclusion. 
e.  If the Insured is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability 
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. 
f.  List of specific diseases/procedures is as below 
 
1. Any type gastrointestinal ulcers  2. Cataracts, 
3. Any type of fistula  4. Macular Degeneration 
5. Benign prostatic hypertrophy  6. Hernia of all types 
7. All types of sinuses  8. Fissure in ano 
9. Haemorrhoids, piles  10. Hydrocele 
11. Dysfunctional uterine bleeding  12. Fibromyoma 
13. Endometriosis  14. Hysterectomy 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 24