Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
2.  Pre-Hospitalization 
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 45 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that: Such 
Medical Expenses were incurred for the same Illness/Injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required, and 
We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.). 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
3.  Post-Hospitalization 
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 90 days immediately after You were discharged post Hospitalization 
provided that: Such costs are incurred in respect of the same Illness/Injury for which the earlier Hospitalization was 
required, and We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment. . 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
4.  Local (Road) Ambulance 
We will pay the reasonable cost, specified in the Policy Schedule, incurred on an ambulance offered by a 
healthcare or ambulance service provider for transferring You to the nearest Hospital with adequate Emergency 
facilities for the provision of health services following an Emergency or out of medical necessity. 
 
We will also reimburse the expenses incurred on an ambulance offered by a healthcare or ambulance service 
provider for transferring You from the Hospital where You were admitted initially to another Hospital with higher 
medical facilities. 
Claim under this section shall be payable by Us only when: 
i.  Such life threatening Emergency condition is certified by the Medical Practitioner, and 
ii.  We have accepted Your Claim under "In-patient Hospitalization Treatment" or "Day Care Procedures" 
section of the Policy. 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
 
5.  Day Care Procedures 
We will pay You the medical expenses as listed under Section C, Part B,I-1 - In-patient Hospitalization Treatment 
for Day Care Procedures / Surgeries taken as an Inpatient in a Hospital or Day Care Centre but not in the 
outpatient department. List of Day Care Procedures is as given in the annexure I of Policy wordings. 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
6.  Living Donor Medical Costs  
We will pay expenses up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule, towards organ donor’s treatment for 
harvesting of the donated organ, provided that, 
a)  The organ donor is any person whose organ has been made available in accordance and in compliance with 
the local regulation and the organ donated is for the use of the Insured, and 
b)  We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In-patient Hospitalization treatment. 
 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
7.  Air Ambulance (Applicable to Imperial Plan only)  
We will pay for ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for Emergency life threatening health 
conditions which require immediate and rapid ambulance transportation from the site of first occurrence of the 
Illness/Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim would be reimbursed up to the limits as specified in the Policy 
Schedule provided that We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization 
Treatment. (Section C, Part B, I-1). 
Return transportation to the client’s home by any mode of transport is excluded. 
This cover is subject to the Sum Insured, sub-limits, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or 
otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 14