Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
9.  Air Ambulance 
We will pay for ambulance transportation in an airplane or helicopter for Emergency life threatening health 
conditions which require immediate and rapid ambulance transportation from the site of first occurrence of the 
Illness /Accident to the nearest Hospital. The claim would be reimbursed up to the limits specified in the Policy 
Schedule provided that We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization 
Treatment. 
Return transportation to the client’s home by air ambulance is excluded.  
 
10. Mental Illness Treatment 
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for In-patient treatment of Mental Illness (as specified under 
Annexure IV), provided this treatment is availed in a recognized psychiatric unit of a Hospital, up to Sum Insured as 
specified in the Policy Schedule. 
The above coverage is subject to fulfilment of following conditions:  
a.  Mental Illness treatment is only covered where patient is diagnosed and treated by a psychiatrist, clinical 
psychologist or licensed psychotherapist.  
b.  The Hospitalization is for Medically Necessary Treatment. 
c.  All day-care or Inpatient admissions must include prescription medication related to the condition. 
d.  The treatment should be taken in Mental Health Establishment either wholly or partly meant for the care of 
persons with mental Illness, where persons with mental Illness are admitted for treatment. 
 
Exclusions: Mental Illness Treatment does not cover: 
a.  Any expenses for Mental Illness Treatment related to Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive 
condition and consequences thereof. 
b.  Any expenses for diagnostic tests, investigations / treatment taken without the psychiatrist advising the same 
and which is not duly supported by his prescriptions 
c.  Alternate treatment other than Allopathic treatment are not covered. 
d.  For autism spectrum disorder, admissions, stays or day care treatment at specialised educational facilities are 
not covered. 
e.  Out-patient Treatment for Mental Illness 
 
 
11. Rehabilitation 
Rehabilitation is defined as a set of interventions designed to optimize functioning and reduce disability in 
individuals with health conditions in interaction with their environment. It aims to restore original form or function 
after an acute Illness, Injury or surgery.  
Rehabilitation is a treatment that combines therapies such as physical, occupational and speech therapy. 
We will pay You up to the limits specified in the Policy Schedule for the cost of In-patient Rehabilitation provided 
a.  it is carried out by a Medical Practitioner specializing in rehabilitation; and 
b.  it is carried out in a licensed rehabilitation Hospital or unit; 
c.  We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim for the Insured under In Patient Hospitalization Treatment  
and rehabilitation starts within 14 days of discharge from Hospital following acute medical and/or surgical 
treatment 
d.  the treatment could not be carried out on an out-patient basis. 
 
 
12. Modern Treatment Methods and Advancement in Technologies 
 
We will pay the Customary and Reasonable expenses for the Modern Treatment Methods as mentioned in 
Annexure III subject to the Sum Insured, terms, conditions and definitions, exclusions contained or otherwise 
expressed in this Policy. 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 12