Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
vii. The Company has the right to recover and deduct all the pending installments from the claim amount due under 
the Policy. 
 
14. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy lncluding the Premium Rates:  
The Company, with prior approval of lRDAl, may revise or modify the terms of the Policy including the premium 
rates. The Insured shall be notified three months before the changes are effected. 
 
15. Free Look Period  
The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the 
time of porting/migrating the Policy.  
The Insured shall be allowed free look period of fifteen days from date of receipt of the Policy document to review 
the terms and conditions of the Policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.  
If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to  
i. a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the 
Insured and the stamp duty charges or  
ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the Policy is exercised by the Insured, a 
deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or  
iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate with 
the insurance coverage during such period. 
 
16. Nomination  
The Policyholder is required at the inception of the Policy to make a nomination for the purpose of payment of 
claims under the Policy in the event of death of the Policyholder. Any change of nomination shall be communicated 
to the Company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on the Policy is made. ln 
the event of death of the Policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy 
Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal 
representatives of the Policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under 
the Policy. 
 
17. Grievance Redressal Procedure  
In case of any grievance the insured person may contact the Company through 
 
Toll free:   1800-225858 (free calls from BSNL/MTNL lines only) 
1800-1025858 (free calls from Bharti users – mobile /landline ) or 020-30305858 
E-mail:    bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in 
Fax :     020-66026667 
Courier:   Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd 
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road 
   Yerawada, Pune 411006 
 
Insured Beneficiary may also approach the grievance cell at any of the Company’s branches with the details of 
grievance 
 
If Insured Beneficiary is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods, Insured 
Beneficiary may contact the grievance officer at ggro@bajajallianz.co.in 
For updated details of grievance officer, https://www.bajajallianz.com/about-Us/customer-service.html 
Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI Integrated Grievance Management System - https://igms.irda.gov.in/ 
 
You can further find detailed and Complaints and dispute resolution procedure for International Cover please refer 
condition 55. “Additional Grievance Redressal Procedure”. 
 
SECTION E) GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
18. Conditions Precedent 
a)  The due observance and fulfilment of the terms and conditions of the Policy, by the Insured, shall be a 
condition precedent to any liability of the Company to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the Policy.  
b)  The Insured shall notify the Company in writing of any material change in the risk in relation to the declaration 
made in the proposal form or medical examination report at each Renewal and the Company may, adjust 
the scope of cover and / or premium, if necessary, accordingly.  
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 32