Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Co. Ltd.                       
Bajaj Allianz House, Airport Road, Yerawada, Pune - 411 006. Reg. No.: 113 
For more details, log on to: www.bajajallianz.com | E-mail: bagichelp@bajajallianz.co.in or 
       
Call at: Sales - 1800 209 0144 / Service - 1800 209 5858 (Toll Free No.) 
 
Issuing Office:  GLOBAL HEALTH CARE 
       
 
 
49.  Sum Insured or SI means the amount stated in the Policy Schedule against each relevant Section, which shall be 
the Company’s maximum liability under this Policy (regardless of the number of the amount of Claims made) for 
any one Claim and in the aggregate for all Claims under such Section. 
 
50. Surgical appliances and materials:- 
Surgical appliances and materials are those required for surgeries. They include artificial body parts or devices 
such as joint replacement materials, bone screws and plates, valve replacement appliances, endovascular stents, 
implantable defibrillators and pacemakers. 
 
51. Therapist:- 
Therapist refers to a chiropractor, osteopath, Chinese herbalist, homeopath, acupuncturist, physiotherapist, 
speech therapist, occupational therapist or oculomotor therapist, who is qualified and licensed under the laws of 
the country in which treatment takes place. 
 
52. You, Your, Yourself, Your Family:- 
named in the Policy Schedule means the Insured or Insured’s Family Members  who are beneficiaries that We 
insure as set out in the Schedule. 
 
53. We, Us, Our, Ours:- 
means the Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited. 
 
SECTION C) BENEFITS COVERED UNDER THE POLICY 
 
Type of Policy: Individual 
 
Tenure of Policy: 1 year 
 
Scope of cover: 
The Company hereby agrees to pay Reasonable and Customary expenses in respect of an admissible claim, for 
any or all of the following covers subject to the Sum Insured, limits, Deductibles, terms, conditions and definitions, 
exclusions contained or otherwise expressed in this Policy. 
 
PART A- COVERAGE- Domestic (Within India Only, for Imperial and Imperial Plus Plans) 
 
I.  IN-PATIENT BENEFITS FOR DOMESTIC COVER 
 
1.  In-patient Hospitalization Treatment 
If You are advised Hospitalization within India by a Medical Practitioner as defined under Policy because of Illness 
or Accidental Bodily Injury sustained or contracted during the Policy Period, then We will pay You, Reasonable and 
Customary Medical Expenses incurred subject to 
i.  Room rent and Boarding expenses as provided by the Hospital/Nursing Home without any sub limit 
ii.  If admitted in ICU, the Company will pay up to actual ICU expenses provided by Hospital. 
iii.  Nursing Expenses as provided by the Hospital 
iv.  Surgeon, Anesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Specialists Fees. 
v.  Anesthesia, Blood, Oxygen, Operation Theatre Charges, surgical appliances,  
vi.  Dialysis, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy, Physiotherapy  
vii.  Medicines & Drugs 
viii.  Cost of Artificial Limbs, cost of prosthetic devices implanted during surgical procedure like Pacemaker, 
orthopedic implants, cardiac valve replacements, vascular stents. 
ix.  Relevant laboratory diagnostic tests, X-ray and such similar expenses that are medically necessary prescribed 
by the treating Medical Practitioner. 
x.  Emergency Inpatient Hospitalization for Dental Treatment arising from an Accident 
 
2.  Pre-Hospitalization 
The Medical Expenses incurred during the 60 days immediately before You were Hospitalized, provided that: Such 
Medical Expenses were incurred for the same Illness/Injury for which subsequent Hospitalization was required, and 
We have accepted an Inpatient Hospitalization claim under Inpatient Hospitalization Treatment.  
 
   
 
UIN- BAJHLIP23020V012223                                  Global Health Care/ Policy Wordings/Page 10