Golden Shield
  viii.  Any other medical treatment or complication in respect    d.   The condition of the Insured Person is expected to 
of the donor, consequent to harvesting. improve in a reasonable and foreseeable period of 
time.
7.   Domiciliary Hospitalization
  e.   Prior approval from Us has been taken. The Home care 
  We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
treatment is availed only on a cashless basis, subject to 
the Domiciliary Hospitalization of the Insured Person 
availability of our empanelled service provider(s). 
during the Policy Period provided that :
Kindly visit our website for cities/locations where such 
  i.   The Domiciliary Hospitalization is for Medically 
services are available.
Necessary Treatment.
  f.   Treatment availed is not categorized under “AYUSH” or 
  ii.   The Domiciliary Hospitalization commences and 
any form of non- allopathic treatment
continues on the written advice of a Medical 
  g.   Such treatment cannot be provided on outpatient basis
Practitioner.
  However in case of unavailability of our empanelled service 
  iii.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
provider in the insured person’s location, in case the insured 
Customary Charges.
person intends to avail the services of non-network 
  iv.   The Domiciliary Hospitalization continues for at least 3 
provider and claims for reimbursement, a prior approval 
consecutive days in which case We will make payment 
from Us needs to be taken before availing such services.
under this Benefit in respect of Medical Expenses 
  In case the insured person breaches the conditions of 
incurred from the first day of Domiciliary 
approval or fails to take the prior written approval from Us, 
Hospitalization.
we are not liable to settle any claim under this section.
  v.   Any Medical Expenses payable shall not in aggregate 
  For the purpose of this benefit, Home care treatment shall 
exceed the Annual Sum Insured and additional sum 
include:
insured /cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the 
Policy Schedule against this Benefit.   a.   Diagnostic tests underwent at home as advised by 
medical practitioner
  We shall not be liable to pay for any claim under this Benefit 
which arises directly or indirectly from or in connection with    b.   Medicines prescribed in writing by a medical 
any of the following: practitioner
  a)   Asthma, bronchitis, tonsillitis and upper respiratory    c.   Consultation charges of the medical practitioner
tract infection including laryngitis and pharyngitis, 
  d.   Nursing charges if advised by the medical practitioner
cough and cold, influenza;
  Any expenses payable during the Policy period shall not in 
  b)   Arthritis, gout and rheumatism;
aggregate exceed the Annual Sum Insured and additional 
  c)   Ailments of spine/disc sum insured /cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the.
  d)   Chronic nephritis and nephritic syndrome; 9.   In Patient AYUSH Hospitalization
  e)   Any liver disease;   We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
the Insured Person’s AYUSH Treatment during the Policy 
  f)   Peptic ulcer
Period up to the Annual Sum Insured specified in the Policy 
  g)  Diarrhea and all type of dysenteries, including 
Schedule provided that:
gastroenteritis;
  i.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
  h)   Diabetes mellitus and insipidus;
Customary Charges.
  i)   Epilepsy;
  ii.   The Insured Person is Hospitalized for AYUSH 
  j)   Hypertension; Treatment at a AYUSH hospital or an AYUSH Day-care 
  k)   Pyrexia of any origin centre.
8.   Home Care Treatment   iii.   The Insured Person’s Hospitalization commences and 
continues on the written advice of the treating Medical 
  We will cover the medical expenses incurred by the Insured 
Practitioner.
person on home care treatment maximum up to 5% of 
Annual Sum Insured provided that :   iv.   Any Medical Expenses payable during the Policy 
period shall not in aggregate exceed the Annual Sum 
  a.   The Medical Practitioner advices the Insured Person to 
Insured and additional sum insured /cumulative bonus 
undergo treatment at home
(if any) as specified in the Policy Schedule against this 
  b.   There is a continuous active line of treatment with  Benefit.
monitoring of the health status by a medical 
  v.   This Benefit will be provided on a reimbursement and/ 
practitioner for each day through the duration of the 
or on cashless basis where ever applicable.
home care treatment.
  We shall not be liable to pay for any claim under this Benefit 
  c.   Daily monitoring chart including records of the 
which arises directly or indirectly for or in connection with 
treatment duly signed by the treating doctor is 
any of the following:
maintained.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 7 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408