Golden Shield
    Cumulative Bonus shall mean any increase or addition      Grace Period means the specified period of time 
in the Sum Insured granted by the insurer without an  immediately following the premium due date during 
associated increase in premium. which a payment can be made to renew or continue a 
policy in force without loss of continuity benefits such 
    Day care centre means any institution established for 
as waiting periods and coverage of Pre Existing 
day care treatment of illness and/or injuries or a 
Diseases. Coverage is not available for the period for 
medical setup with a hospital and which has been 
which no premium is received.
registered with the local authorities, wherever 
applicable, and is under supervision of a registered and      Hospital means any institution established for in- 
qualified medical practitioner AND must comply with  patient care and day care treatment of illness and / or 
all minimum criterion as under :- injuries and which has been registered as a hospital 
    a.   has qualified nursing staff under its employment; with the local authorities under the Clinical 
Establishments (Registration and Regulations) Act 
    b.   has qualified medical practitioner/s in charge
2010 or under enactments specified under the 
    c.   has fully equipped operation theatre of its own 
Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act Or comply 
where surgical procedures are carried out;
with all minimum criteria as under:
    d.   maintains daily records of patients and will make 
    a.   has qualified nursing staff under its employment 
these accessible to the insurance company’s 
round the clock;
authorized personnel
    b.   has at least 10 inpatient beds, in those towns 
    Day Care Treatment refers to medical treatment, and/ 
having a population of less than 10,00,000 and 15 
or Surgical Procedure which is
inpatient beds in all other places
    i.   undertaken under General or Local Anesthesia in a 
    c.   has qualified medical practitioner(s) in charge 
Hospital/ Day care centre in less than 24 hrs 
round the clock;
because of technological advancement, and
    d.   has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own 
    ii.  which would have otherwise required a 
where surgical procedures are carried out
hospitalisation of more than 24 hours.
    e.   maintains daily records of patients and makes 
    Treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is 
these accessible to the Insurance company’s 
not included in the scope of this definition.
authorized personnel.
    Deductible is a cost sharing requirement under a 
    Hospitalisation means admission in a Hospital for a 
health insurance policy that provides that provides 
minimum period of 24 consecutive in-patient care 
that the insurer will not be liable for specified rupee 
hours except for specified Procedures/Treatments, 
amount in case of indemnity policies and for a specified 
where such admission could be for a period of less than 
number of days/hours in case of hospital cash policies, 
24 consecutive hours.
which will apply before any benefits are payable by the 
insurer A deductible does not reduce the sum insured.     Inpatient care means treatment for which the insured 
person has to stay in a Hospital for more than 24 hours 
    Dental treatment means a treatment related to teeth 
for a covered event.
or structures supporting teeth including examinations, 
fillings (where appropriate), crowns, extractions and      Illness means a sickness or disease or pathological 
surgery. condition leading to the impairment of normal 
physiological function and requires medical treatment.
    Disclosure to information Norm means the policy shall 
be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited      a.   Acute condition - Acute condition is a disease, 
to the Company in the event of misrepresentation, mis- illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to 
description or non-disclosure of any material fact. treatment which aims to return the person to his or 
her state of health immediately before suffering 
    Domiciliary Hospitalisation means medical treatment 
the disease/illness/injury which leads to full 
for an illness/disease/injury which in the normal course 
recovery.
would require care and treatment at a hospital but is 
actually taken while confined at home under any of the      b.   Chronic condition - A chronic condition is defined 
following circumstances: as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more 
    a.   the condition of the patient is such that he/she is  of the following characteristics:
not in a condition to be removed to a hospital, or       i.   it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring 
    b.   the patient takes treatment at home on account of  through consultations, examinations, check-
non-availability of room in a hospital. ups, and / or tests
    Emergency Care means management for an illness or        ii.   it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief 
injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly  of symptoms
and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a        iii.   it requires your rehabilitation for the patient or 
medical practitioner to prevent death or serious long  for the patient to be specially trained to cope 
term impairment of the insured person’s health with it
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 2 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408