Golden Shield
  Lung Conditions    4.   E-Counselling
  4.   End stage lung Failure     We will offer e-counselling session(s) with a 
  5.   Primary(Idiopathic) pulmonary Hypertension  Psychologist via our mobile application for providing 
assistance in dealing with issues such as but not 
  Liver conditions 
limited to personal and lifestyle imbalance, anxiety, 
  6.   End stage liver Failure  depression, sleep disorders, stress and problems 
  Neuro/ spinal & psychiatric disease related to psychological/mental illness/ psychiatric and 
psychosomatic disorders.
  7.   Multiple sclerosis with Persisting symptoms  
    Maximum of 12 sessions will be provided per insured 
  8.   Motor neuron disease with Permanent symptoms  
person per policy period.
  9.   Permanent paralysis of limbs  
    The e-counseling sessions shall be availed only 
  10.  Stroke resulting in permanent symptoms 
through virtual modes of chat via our mobile 
  11.  Coma of specified severity   application.  
  12.  Alzheimer’s Disease before age of 50 years      5.   Health Management Program  
  13.  Parkinson’s disease before age of 50 years       The Health Management Program has been designed 
to ensure a regular monitoring of the Insured Person’s 
  14.  Apallic syndrome  
health and timely intervention and a concrete plan for 
  15.  Benign brain tumour  
corrective measures in case of any decline in the health 
  16.  Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) status of the Insured Person.
  17.  Major head trauma      The Health Coach shall guide and motivate the Insured 
  Renal diseases Person to follow the customised Health management 
program designed for them to achieve their health and 
  18.  Kidney failure requiring regular dialysis
fitness goals.
  19.  Medullary cystic disease 
     As a part of the Health Management Program, the 
  Musculoskeletal diseases  insured person can avail the following benefits
  20.  Muscular dystrophy     a.   Care Calls
  21.  Poliomyelitis        All insured persons shall receive care calls to check 
  Bleeding disorders up on their well-being and safety by our health 
coach who understand the issues surrounding 
  22.  Aplastic Anaemia 
senior individuals. The insured person(s) will be 
  Auto immune diseases
encouraged to express their concerns surrounding 
  23.  Systemic Lupus Erythematous with renal involvement   their well-being (if any) on these calls so that the 
health coach can address them later.
  24.  Myasthenia gravis  
    b.   Goal based incentives on outcome of Preventive 
  25.  Scleroderma
health check-up
  26. Good pastures syndrome with lung or renal 
      Monitoring of one’s health status remains an 
involvement 
important step towards becoming more self-
  27.  Blindness  
aware of one’s medical / health conditions.
  28.  Deafness
      The insured person shall be subjected to a mid- 
  29.  Cancer of specified severity term assessment via a Wellbeing Risk Assessment 
  30.  Third Degree Burns [WRA] which will include outcome of certain 
laboratory tests and questionnaire based 
  31.  Loss of speech  
assessment covering aspects of lifestyle, current 
  32.  Loss of limbs medical history & family history.
  33.  Loss of Independent Existence        The assessment will be carried out using a 
  3.   Diet and Nutrition e-consultation   telephonic/ digital connect with the Health Coach.
    We will offer You diet and nutrition e-consultation on a        The health coach will encourage the insured 
virtual platform via our mobile application to help you  person to undergo certain laboratory tests (as 
achieve your weight and health management goals. detailed in Table A) and we will incentivise the 
Insured Person in case of favourable findings of the 
    Maximum of 12 sessions will be provided per insured 
laboratory tests.
person per policy period.
      The insured person will have to undergo the below 
    The e-consultation shall be availed only through virtual 
mentioned laboratory tests as a part of the mid-
modes of chat via our mobile application.
term assessment from our empanelled diagnostic 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 12 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408