For Buy/ Renew/ Service/ Claim related queries Log on to www.icicilombard.com or call 1800 2666
Golden Shield
Policy Wording
b.   Preamble theatre where surgical procedures are to be 
carried out;
  This Policy has been issued on the basis of the Disclosure to 
information Norm, including the information provided by        iv.   Maintaining daily records of the patients and 
Proposer in respect of the Insured Persons in the Proposal  making them accessible to the insurance 
Form, any application for insurance cover in respect of any  company’s authorized representative
Insured Person and any other information or details 
    AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes 
submitted in relation to the Proposal Form. This Policy is a 
Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health 
contract of insurance between You and Us which is subject 
Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such 
to the receipt of premium in full and accepted by Us in 
health centre which is registered with the local 
respect of the Insured Persons and the terms, conditions 
authorities, wherever applicable and having facilities 
and exclusions as specified in the Policy/ Policy Schedule / 
for carrying out treatment procedures and medical or 
Product Benefit Table of this Policy.
surgical/para-surgical interventions or both under the 
c.   Definitions supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner 
(s) on day care basis without in- patient services and 
  For the purposes of this Policy, the terms specified below 
must comply with all the following criterion:
shall have the meaning set forth wherever appearing/ 
specified in this Policy or related Extensions:     a.  Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical 
Practitioner(s) in charge;
  Where the context so requires, references to the singular 
shall also include references to the plural and references to      b. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as 
any gender shall include references to all genders. Further  required and/or has equipped operation theatre 
any references to statutory enactment include subsequent  where surgical procedures are to be carried out;
changes to the same.
    c.   Maintaining daily records of the patients and 
  i.   Standard definitions (Definitions whose wordings  making them accessible to the insurance 
are specified by IRDAI) company’s authorized representative.
    Accident means a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary      (Explanation: Medical practitioner referred in the 
event caused by external, visible and violent means. definition of “AYUSH Hospital” and “AYUSH day care 
center” shall carry the same meaning as defined in the 
    Any one illness means continuous Period of illness and 
definition of “Medical practitioner” under chapter I of 
it includes relapse within 45 days from the date of last 
Guidelines)
consultation with the Hospital/Nursing Home where 
treatment was taken.     Cashless Facility means a facility extended by the 
insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs 
    Ayush Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein 
of treatment undergone by the insured in accordance 
medical/surgical/para-surgical treatment procedures 
with the policy terms and conditions, are directly made 
and interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical 
to the network provider by the insurer to the extent pre-
practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following:
authorization approved.
    a.   Central or State government AYUSH hospital; or
    Condition Precedent shall mean a policy term or 
    b.   Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH college 
condition upon which the Insurer's liability under the 
recognized by the central government/Central 
policy is conditional upon.
council of Indian medicine/ Central council for 
    Congenital Anomaly refers to a condition(s) which is 
Homeopathy; or
present since birth, and which is abnormal with 
    c.   AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with in-
reference to form, structure or position.
patient healthcare facility of any recognized 
    a.  Internal Congenital Anomaly -Congenital anomaly 
system of medicine, registered with the local 
which is not in the visible and accessible parts of 
authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the 
the body
supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH 
medical practitioner and must comply with the      b.   External Congenital Anomaly- Congenital 
following criterion: anomaly which is in the visible and accessible 
parts of the body
      i.   Having at least 5 in-patient beds
    Co-payment means a cost sharing requirement under 
      ii.   Having qualified AYUSH medical practitioner 
a health insurance policy that provides that the 
in charge round the clock
policyholder/insured/proposer will bear a specified 
      iii.   Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as 
percentage of the admissible claims amount. A co-
required and/or has equipped operation 
payment does not reduce the Sum Insured.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 1 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408