Golden Shield
    ii.  Such communication shall be sent to the address  and Conciliation Act 1996, as amended by 
of the Company or through any other electronic  Arbitration  and Conciliation  (Amendment) Act, 
modes specified in the Policy Schedule. 2015 (No. 3 of 2016).
    iii.  The Company shall communicate to the Insured at      ii.  It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference 
the address or through any other electronic mode  or dispute shall be preferable to arbitration as herein 
mentioned in the schedule. before provided, if the Company has disputed or not 
accepted liability under or in respect of the policy, iii. It 
  23. Territorial Limit
is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it 
    All medical treatment for the purpose of this insurance 
shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or 
will have to be taken in India only.
suit upon the policy that award by such arbitrator / 
  24. Automatic change in Coverage under the policy arbitrators of the amount of expenses shall be first 
    The coverage for the Insured Person(s) shall  obtained.
automatically terminate:   27. Policy alignment 
    i.  In the case of his/ her (Insured Person) demise.     Policy Alignment option will be available in cases 
      However the cover shall continue for the remaining  wherein insured(s) with two separate health indemnity 
Insured Persons till the end of Policy Period. The  policies with Us, having different policy end dates but 
other insured persons may also apply to renew the  want to align the policy start dates. We can align the 
policy. In case, the other insured person is minor,  policies by extending the coverage of one policy till the 
the policy shall be renewed only through any one  end date of the other policy.
of his/her natural guardian or guardian appointed      Such policies will be charged with premium on pro rata 
by court. All relevant particulars in respect of such  basis though the sum insured under the policy shall 
person (including his/her relationship with the  remain constant. 
insured person) must be submitted to the company 
  28. Endorsements (Changes in Policy)
along with the application. Provided no claim has 
    i.  This policy constitutes the complete contract of 
been made, and termination takes place on 
insurance. This Policy cannot be modified by 
account of death of the insured person, pro-rata 
anyone (including an insurance agent or broker) 
refund of premium of the deceased insured person 
except the company. Any change made by the 
for the balance period of the policy will be effective.
company shall be evidenced by a written 
    ii.  Upon exhaustion of sum insured and additional 
endorsement signed and stamped.
sum insured (if any), for the policy year. However, 
    ii.  The proposer may be changed only at the time of 
the policy is  subject to renewal on the due date as 
renewal. The new proposer must be the legal 
per the applicable terms and conditions.
heir/immediate family member. Such change 
  25. Territorial Jurisdiction would be subject to acceptance by the company 
    All disputes or differences under or in relation to the  and payment of premium (if any). The renewed 
interpretation of the terms, conditions, validity,  Policy shall be treated as having been  renewed 
construct, limitations and/or exclusions contained in  without break.
the Policy shall be determined by the Indian court and      iii.  The proposer may be changed during the Policy 
according to Indian law.  Period only in case of his/her demise or him/her 
  26. Arbitration moving out of India.
    i.  If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the      iv.  Mid- term endorsement of addition of members in 
quantum to be paid by the Policy, (liability being  the policy shall not be permitted
otherwise admitted) such difference shall    29. Change of Sum Insured
independently of all other questions, be referred to 
    Sum insured can be changed (increased/ decreased) 
the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in 
only at the time of renewal subject to underwriting by 
writing by the parties here to or if they cannot 
the Company. For any increase in SI, the waiting period 
agree upon a single arbitrator within thirty days of 
shall start afresh only for the enhanced portion of the 
any party invoking arbitration, the same shall be 
sum insured. 
referred to a panel of three arbitrators, comprising 
  30. Non Payables
two arbitrators, one to be appointed by each of the 
parties to the dispute/difference and the third      Below are the non-payable items applicable in the 
arbitrator to be appointed by such two arbitrators  policy. The list may be updated as per the direction of 
and arbitration shall be conducted under and in  Authority, for updated list please visit our website: 
accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration  www.iciciclombard.com
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 25 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408