Golden Shield
  Sr. No.  Treatment/Procedure   ii.   We have accepted the claim under “Inpatient 
Treatment” in respect of the Insured Person.
  1  Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU (High 
intensity focused ultrasound)   iii.   We will also consider Post-hospitalization Medical 
Expenses incurred on Physiotherapy provided that 
  2  Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to 
such Physiotherapy is advised in writing by the 
be given as injection
treating Medical Practitioner and is Medically 
  3  Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser 
Necessary Treatment. This service will be provided on 
treatment or holmium laser treatment)
a reimbursement and/ or cashless basis where ever 
  4  Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells  applicable.
for bone marrow transplant for 
  iv.   Expenses incurred on nursing care at home are 
haematological conditions
excluded from the scope of post hospitalization 
  5  Balloon Sinuplasty expenses.
  6  Oral Chemotherapy   v.   Any Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses payable 
  7  Robotic surgeries* during the Policy period shall not in aggregate exceed 
the Annual Sum Insured and additional sum insured 
  8  Stereotactic radio Surgeries
/cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the Policy 
  9  Deep Brain stimulation Schedule against this Benefit.
  10  Intra vitreal injections 6.   Donor Expenses
  11  Bronchical Thermoplasty   We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
  12  IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring) an organ donor’s Hospitalization during the Policy Period 
for the harvesting of the organ donated to the Insured 
    Robotic surgeries shall be subject to sub-limits as 
Person provided that:
mentioned under d. benefits covered under the policy 
Base cover 15 Sub-limits applicable   i.   The organ donation conforms to the Transplantation of 
Human Organs Act 1994 and the organ is for the use of 
4.   Pre Hospitalisation expenses
the Insured Person;
  We will cover the Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses 
  ii.   We will cover only those Medical Expenses incurred in 
incurred in respect of the Insured Person for up to 60days 
respect of an organ donor as an in-patient in the 
immediately before the Insured Person’s Admission to 
Hospital.
Hospital provided that:
  iii.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
  i.   The Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred are 
Customary Charges.
Reasonable and Customary Charges.
  iv.   Any Medical Expenses payable during the Policy 
  ii.   We have accepted the claim under “d. Benefits covered 
period shall not in aggregate exceed the Annual Sum 
under the policy Base cover 1. Inpatient Treatment” in 
Insured and additional sum insured /cumulative bonus 
respect of the Insured Person.
(if any) as specified in the Policy Schedule against this 
  iii.   We shall not be liable to make any payment in respect 
Benefit subject to an overall limit of  ` 10,00,000 only
of any Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred 
  v.   We have accepted a claim under Section “Inpatient 
prior to the Policy Period Start Date of the first policy 
treatment” in respect of the Insured Person.
with Us in respect of the Insured Person.
  We shall not be liable to pay for any claim under this Benefit 
  iv.   Expenses incurred on nursing care at home are 
which arises directly or indirectly for or in connection with 
excluded from the scope of pre hospitalization 
any of the following:
expenses.
  i.   Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses or Post-
  v.   This Benefit will be provided on a reimbursement basis 
hospitalization Medical Expenses of the organ donor.
only.
  ii.   Screening expenses of the organ donor.
  vi.   Any Pre-hospitalization  Medical Expenses payable 
shall not in aggregate exceed the Annual Sum Insured    iii.   Any other Medical Expenses as a result of the 
and additional sum insured /cumulative bonus (if any)  harvesting from the organ donor.
as specified in the Policy Schedule against this Benefit   iv.   Costs directly or indirectly associated with the 
5.   Post Hospitalisation expenses acquisition of the donor’s organ (other than 
hospitalisation costs involved).
  We will cover the Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses 
incurred in respect of the Insured Person for up to 180 days    v.   Transplant of any organ/tissue where the transplant is 
immediately following the Insured Person’s discharge from  experimental or investigational.
Hospital provided that:   vi.   Expenses related to organ transportation or 
  i.   The Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred  preservation.
are Reasonable and Customary Charges.   vii.  Expenses incurred by an Insured Person as a donor.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 6 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408