Golden Shield
10. Discounts on services / products advice or information obtained by way of the wellness 
program or any actions chosen by the Insured Person 
  We shall only facilitate the Insured Person in availing 
on the basis of such advice or information.
discounts on services/ products including but not limited to 
investigations/ diagnostic tests/ laboratory tests / health    •  The care management program offered is subject to 
supplements/  medical equipment/ homecare services /  revisions based on the insurance regulatory 
virtual health & wellness sessions/ AYUSH products /  framework from time to time.
Fitness & wellness related activities & products etc.  at our 
Optional Covers 
empanelled diagnostic centres, drugs / medicines ordered 
1.   Claim Protector 
from pharmacies etc. offered by our network providers/ 
health service providers. These discounts can be viewed on    In consideration of payment of additional premium to Us, 
our mobile application and one can redeem the wellness  the insured person can avail the benefit as mentioned 
points earned from Care Management Program (either  under claim protector. If a claim has been accepted under 
through favourable findings on health check-up or  the inpatient hospitalization cover, then the items which 
participation in Yoga/ meditations sessions/ achieving  are not payable under the claim as per the List of Excluded 
targeted steps per month) for availing discounts as per  items released by IRDAI that is related to the particular 
product terms and conditions and subject to availability. claim will become payable. The maximum claim pay-out 
  Terms and Conditions for Care Management Program under this benefit shall be limited to Annual Sum Insured 
under your policy.  
  •  There shall be no minimum wellness points limit for 
redemption against health related deals and discounts    Base Co-payment as opted by the Insured Person in the 
offered on our mobile application. policy shall be applicable for this cover  
  •  The Insured Person(s) can choose to carry forward the  2.   Modification of Base Co-payment 
wellness points for 3 years, in case they do not wish to 
  In consideration of payment of additional premium to Us, 
redeem the same provided the policy is continuously 
The insured person will have the option to reduce his base 
renewed without any break. The wellness points so 
co-payment from 50% to 40% or 30% or 20% and He/She 
accrued shall have to be redeemed at the end of the 3rd 
shall be liable to pay the percentage (%) of admissible claim 
Policy year.
amount of each and every claim.  
  •  The Insured Person shall notify Us and submit the 
  Base Co-payment once chosen cannot be changed mid-
relevant documents, reports, receipts as and when 
term. Modification of co-payment may happen only 
required by us within 60 days of undertaking any 
during renewal subject to underwriting.  In case, base co-
activity for us to reward appropriate wellness points.
payment is reduced during renewal, fresh waiting periods 
  •  In case of expiry of policy and the policy not being  shall be applicable on the modified portion of base co-
renewed, the accrued wellness points may be carried  payment. 
forward for a period not exceeding three months.
3.   Voluntary Deductible
  •  There shall not be any cash reimbursement or 
  In case the Insured person has opted for a voluntary 
redemption available against the wellness points 
deductible, as specified in the Policy Schedule, the 
accumulated by an Insured Person. 
Deductible will be applicable on aggregate basis for all 
  •  We or Our Health Service Providers or Our Network  Hospitalization expenses during the Policy Year before it 
Providers do not warrant the validity, accuracy,  becomes payable by Us, subject to terms, conditions and 
completeness, safety, quality, or applicability of the  exclusions of the Policy. The voluntary deductible option 
content or anything said or written or any suggestions  available will be 20% of Annual Sum Insured opted by 
provided in the course of providing the wellbeing  You. 
services.
  i.   In case voluntary deductible has been opted for, base 
  •  We do not accept any liability towards quality of the  co-payment shall not be chosen. Zone based co-
services made available by our network providers/  payment shall be applicable in case medically 
health service providers and are not liable for any  necessary treatment (Except medically necessary 
defects or deficiencies on their part. treatment for road traffic accidents) has been taken in 
  •  Availability of all Services under the care management  a zone higher (Zone A being the highest followed by 
program is subject to availability of Health Service  Zone B and then Zone C) than the zone for which 
provider at the requested location. premium has been paid on issuance of the policy. 
  •  We, Our group entities, or affiliates, their respective    ii.   The deductible will apply on individual basis in case of 
directors, officers, employees, agents, vendors, shall  individual policy and on floater basis in case of floater 
not be responsible for or liable for, any actions, claims,  policy.
demands, losses, damages, costs, charges and    iii.   Deductible once chosen cannot be changed mid-term. 
expenses which an Insured Person may claim to have  Modification of deductible may happen only during 
suffered, sustained or incurred, as a result of any  renewal subject to underwriting.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 15 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408