Golden Shield
4.  Care management Plus Program These services shall be provided through our 
Empanelled Health Service Provider subject to 
  In consideration of payment of additional premium, Insured 
availability at the time of appointment.
Person can avail the benefits associated with care 
management Plus Program as detailed below     This benefit shall also include e-consultation given by a 
General Medical Practitioner or Specialist or Super 
  1.  Health Care Professional
Specialist Medical Practitioner or AYUSH medical 
    All insured persons shall be assigned a dedicated 
practitioner through a virtual mode of communication 
Health Care Professional who will act as a first point of 
such as but not limited to chat, email, video, online 
contact for any service need. The Health Care 
portal, or mobile application.
professional will be a certified nutritionist who will 
    Physiotherapy sessions shall be excluded from the 
assist the Insured person(s) with a personalised diet 
scope of this benefit.
depending on their health concerns. The Health Care 
Professional shall encourage and promote optimal      Counselling availed for psychiatric ailments or mental 
health and assist on matters pertaining to fitness, diet  health issues shall be excluded from the scope of this 
and nutrition and wellbeing concerns faced by the  benefit but it shall be covered in E-Counseling (section 
insured persons. He/She will encourage two way  d. Base Cover. 18.4) as per the section d. Benefits 
communication, provide reminders on healthy habits  covered under the policy.
and reassure the insured person in times of need. 
  4.  Routine Diagnostics and Minor Procedure cover
    The health care professional will also play a significant 
    We shall cover medical expenses incurred for 
role in being the primary point of contact to the Insured 
outpatient diagnostic tests recommended by Medical 
Person. The Health Care professional will 
Practitioner under our cashless network available in 
    •  On-board the Insured Person on to our mobile  the mobile application in relation to any Illness 
application contracted or Injury suffered by the Insured Person 
    •  Educate the Insured Person on the pertinent  during the Policy Period and for listed minor procedures 
features of our mobile application such as but not  undergone at a general practitioner or specialist / 
limited to availing Tele-consultations, utilising the  super-specialist medical practitioner by the Insured 
preventive health check-up, conducting the mid- Person during the Policy period maximum up ` 2,000.
term assessment, educating about health      These services shall be provided through our 
assistance services, redemption of wellness points  Empanelled Health Service Provider subject to 
etc. availability at the time of appointment. The diagnostic 
    •  Give care calls to the Insured Person to understand  tests shall include but will not be limited to 
insured person’s issues surrounding fitness, diet &  histopathology, biochemistry, hematology, 
nutrition and wellbeing issues if any and propose  immunology, microbiology, serology, pathology, 
solutions for the same  radiology, ultrasound and TMT. Genetic studies shall be 
excluded from the scope of this cover.
  2.  Update to family members- 
    We may even arrange for diagnostic tests to be carried 
    As a part of the enhanced wellness features, your 
out at the location of the Insured Person provided such 
family members will be regularly updated about your 
location is within the geographical reach of the Health 
health and adherence to prescribed diet(as prescribed 
Service Provider on the date of the request. This service 
under the diet and nutrition e-consultation benefit 
shall be subject to availability of Our empanelled 
under Care management program) via messaging 
Health Service provider.
platform(s) so that they can motivate and encourage 
and participate in your efforts to achieve your      List of Minor Procedures covered under this benefit #
healthcare goals. 
    Sr. No.  Procedure
    The above update shall be provided only on Your 
    1  Drainage of abscess
consent and after You provide us with contact details of 
    2  Injection including Intramuscular 
family member who wishes to receive timely updates 
(Per Injection cost)
about your health and diet regime. 
    3  Intravenous injection(IV)
  3.  Out-patient consultations 
    4  Sprain Management 
    We shall cover the Medical Expenses incurred during 
(Joint movement/ exercise)
the Policy period for out-patient consultations from a 
General Medical Practitioner or Specialist Medical      5  Otoscopic examination 
Practitioner or Super Specialist Medical practitioner or  (Magnifying otoscopy)
AYUSH medical practitioner in relation to any Illness 
    6  Nasal packing for control of haemorrhage
contracted or Injury suffered by the Insured Person 
    7  Nebulizer therapy
during the Policy period subject to the overall 
maximum number of 4 consultations in a Policy Year.      8  Removal of foreign body
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 16 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408