Golden Shield
      iv.   it continues indefinitely Health insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained 
for pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, 
      v.   It recurs or is likely to recur
with the same insurer.
    Injury means any accidental physical bodily harm, 
    Network Provider means hospitals or health care 
excluding illness or disease solely and directly caused 
providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an 
by external, violent, visible and evident means which is 
insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an 
verified and certified by a Medical Practitioner.
insured by a cashless facility.
    Intensive Care Unit means an identified section, ward 
    Non-Network Provider means any Hospital, day care 
or wing of a hospital which is under the constant 
centre or other provider that is not part of the Network.
supervision of a dedicated medical practitioner(s), and 
which is specially equipped for the continuous      Notification of claim means the process of intimating a 
monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a  claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the 
critical condition, or require life support facilities and  recognized modes of communication
where the level of care and supervision is considerably 
    OPD treatment is one in which the Insured visits a 
more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary 
clinic / hospital or associated facility like a consultation 
and other wards
room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice 
    ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount  of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured is not admitted as 
charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses which  a day care or in-patient.
shall include the expenses for ICU bed, general medical 
    Portability means the right accorded to an individual 
support services provided to any ICU patient including 
health insurance policyholder/proposers (including all 
monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist 
members under family cover), to transfer the credit 
charges.
gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound 
    Maternity expenses means; exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer
    a.   medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth      Pre-existing Disease means any condition, ailment, 
(including complicated deliveries and caesarean  injury or disease
sections incurred during Hospitalisation);
    a.   That is/ are diagnosed by a physician within 48 
    b.   expenses towards lawful medical termination of  months prior to the effective date of the policy 
pregnancy during the policy period. issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or
    Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from      b.   For which medical advice or treatment was 
a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any  recommended by, or received from, a physician 
prescription or follow-up prescription. within 48 months prior to the effective date of the 
policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement.
    Medical Expenses means those expenses that an 
Insured Person has necessarily and actually incurred      Post-Hospitalisation Medical Expenses means 
for medical treatment on account of Illness or Accident  medical expenses incurred during predefined number 
on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these  of days immediately after the Insured Person is 
are no more than would have been payable if the  discharged from the hospital, provided that :
Insured Person had not been insured and no more than 
    a.   Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition 
other hospitals or doctors in the same locality would 
for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalisation was 
have charged for the same medical treatment.
required, and
    Medically Necessary Treatment is defined as any 
    b.   The In-patient Hospitalisation claim for such 
treatment, tests medication or stay in hospital or part 
Hospitalisation is admissible by the Insurance 
of a stay in Hospital which
Company.
    1.   Is required for the medical management of the 
    Pre-Hospitalisation Medical Expenses means 
illness or Injury suffered by the insured
medical expenses incurred during predefined number 
    2.   Must not exceed the level of care necessary to  of days preceding the hospitalization of the insured 
provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical  person, provided that:
care in scope, duration or intensity
    a.   Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same 
    3.   Must have been prescribed by a Medical  condition for which the Insured Person’s 
practitioner Hospitalisation was required, and
    4.   Must conform to the professional standard widely      b.   The In-patient Hospitalisation claim for such 
accepted in international medical practice or by the  Hospitalisation is admissible by the Insurance 
medical community in India Company.
    Migration means the right accorded to health      Qualified Nurse is a person who holds a valid 
insurance policyholders/proposers (including all  registration from the Nursing Council of India or the 
members under family cover and members of group  Nursing Council of any state in India.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 3 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408