Golden Shield
    19. Treatment for any condition / illness which requires          (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean the rate 
hormone replacement therapy. fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the 
beginning of the financial year in which claim 
    20. Artificial life maintenance for the Insured Person 
has fallen due)
who has been declared brain dead or in vegetative 
state as demonstrated by:     4.  Complete Discharge
      a.   Deep coma and unresponsiveness to all forms        Any payment to the policyholder, insured person or 
of stimulation; or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or 
assignee or to the hospital as the case may be, for 
      b.   Absent pupillary light reaction; or
any benefit under the Policy shall be a valid 
      c.   Absent oculo-vestibular and corneal reflexes; 
discharge towards payment of claim by the 
or
Company to the extent of that amount for the 
      d.   Complete apnea. particular claim
e.  General Terms and Clauses     5.  Multiple Policies
  i.  Standard General Terms and Clauses (General Terms        i.  In case of multiple policies taken by an insured 
and clauses whose wordings are specified by IRDAI) person during a period from one or more 
    1.  Disclosure of Information insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the 
insured person shall have the right to require a 
      The Policy shall be void and all premium paid 
settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of 
thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the 
his/her policies. In all such cases the insurer 
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or 
chosen by the insured person shall be obliged 
non-disclosure of any material fact by the 
to settle the claim as long as the claim is within 
policyholder
the limits of and according to the terms of the 
      (Explanation: "Material facts" for the purpose of  chosen policy.
this policy shall mean all relevant information 
      ii.  Insured Person having multiple policies shall 
sought by the company in the proposal form and 
also have the right to prefer claims under this 
other connected documents to enable it to take 
policy for  the amounts disallowed under any 
informed decision in the context of underwriting 
other policy / policies, even if the sum insured is 
the risk)
not exhausted. Then the Insurer shall 
    2.  Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability independently settle the claim subject to the 
      The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled  terms and conditions of this policy.
by the insured person for the Company to make any        iii.  If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum 
payment for claim(s) arising under the policy. insured under a single policy, the insured 
    3.  Claim Settlement (provision for Penal lnterest) person shall have the right to choose insurers 
from whom he/she wants to claim the balance 
      I.  The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as 
amount.
the case may be, within 30 days from the date 
of receipt of last necessary document.       iv.  Where an insured person has policies from 
more than one insurer to cover the same risk 
      II.  ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, 
on indemnity basis,  the insured person shall 
the Company shall be liable to pay interest to 
only be indemnified the treatment costs in 
the policyholder from the date of receipt of last 
accordance with the terms and conditions of 
necessary document to the date of payment of 
the chosen policy.
claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate.
    6.  Fraud
      III.  However, where the circumstances of a claim 
warrant an investigation in the opinion of the        If any claim made by the insured person, is in any 
Company, it shall initiate and complete such  respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or 
investigation at the earliest, in any case not  declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if 
later than 30 days from the date of receipt of  any fraudulent means or devices are used by the 
last necessary document. ln such cases, the  insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to 
Company shall settle or reject the claim within  obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits under 
45 days from the date of receipt of last  this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.
necessary document.       Any amount already paid against claims made 
      IV.  ln case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the  under this policy but which are found fraudulent 
Company shall be liable to pay interest to the  later shall be repaid by all recipient(s) / 
policyholder at a rate 2% above the bank rate  policyholder(s), who has made that particular 
from the date of receipt of last necessary  claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for 
document to the date of payment of claim. such repayment to the insurer.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 21 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408