Golden Shield
may also approach the office of lnsurance  based co-payment shall not be applicable in case of 
Ombudsman of the respective area/region for  medically necessary treatment taken for road traffic 
redressal of grievance as per lnsurance Ombudsman  accidents.
Rules 2017.  Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI 
    The additional zone based co-payment that will be levied will 
lntegrated Grievance Management System  be as per tables mentioned below
https://igms.irda.gov.in/
      Additional zone based Co-Payment Grid
  17. Nomination:   Treatment   Zone opted at 
  taken in Zone  policy issuance
    The policyholder is required at the inception of the 
policy to make a nomination for the purpose of      A  B  C
payment of claims under the policy in the event of    A  0%  15.0%  25.0%
death of the policyholder. Any change of nomination    B  Nil additional   0%  12.0%
shall be communicated to the company in writing and      co-payment
such change shall be effective only when an 
  C  Nil additional  Nil additional   0%    
endorsement on the policy is made. ln the event of      co-payment  co-payment 
death of the policyholder, the Company will pay the 
    Please refer to the claim illustrations as detailed in g. 
nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy 
other terms and conditions 1. Claim Administration for 
Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no 
further understanding
subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal 
  19. Conditional Underwriting
representatives of the policyholder whose discharge 
shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability      Risk based loading:
under the policy.     We may apply a risk loading on the premium payable 
ii.  Specific terms and clauses (terms and other clauses  (based on the declarations made in the proposal form 
other than those mentioned above under f. I. above) and the health status of the persons proposed for 
insurance) at the Commencement Date or on any 
  18. Zone based Premium
renewal of the Policy with Us or on the receipt of a 
    This Policy only covers medical treatment taken within 
request for enhancing the Annual Sum Insured. The 
India arising during the Policy Period. All payments 
maximum risk loading applicable for an individual will 
under this Policy will only be made in Indian Rupees 
not exceed 100% per diagnosis / medical condition and 
within India. 
an overall risk loading of 200% per individual. 
    The construction, interpretation and meaning of the 
    We will send You the applicable risk loading in writing 
provisions of this Policy shall be determined in 
via a counter offer letter. You shall give Us Your consent 
accordance with Indian law. 
and the additional premium (if any), within 15 days of 
    For the purpose of Policy issuance, the premium will be  the issuance of Our Counter offer letter. 
computed basis the zone chosen by the Insured Person 
    If You neither accept Our letter nor revert to Us within 
in the proposal form. The premium that would be 
15 days, We will cancel Your application and refund the 
applicable zone wise and the cities defined in each 
premium paid within the next 7 days.
zone are as under:
  20. Material Change
    •  Zone A- NCR*, Mumbai, Thane District,, Navi 
    The Insured shall notify the Company in writing of any 
Mumbai, Gujarat, Kolkata
material change in the risk in relation to the declaration 
    •  Zone B- Hyderabad, Secunderabad, Chhattisgarh, 
made in the proposal form or medical examination 
Madhya Pradesh, Daman & Diu, Dadar & Nagar 
report at each Renewal and the Company may, adjust 
Haveli, Goa, Maharashtra (excluding Mumbai, 
the scope of cover and/or premium, if necessary, 
Thane District, Navi Mumbai)
accordingly.
    •  Zone C- Rest of India
  21. Records to be Maintained
    NCR* includes Includes Delhi and the following 
    The Insured Person shall keep an accurate record 
districts: Faridabad, Gurgaon/Gurugram, Mewat, 
containing all relevant medical records and shall allow 
Rohtak, Sonipat, Panipat, Jhajjhar, Palwal, Karnal, 
the Company or its representatives to inspect such 
Ghaziabad, Noida/Gautam Budh Nagar, Bulandshahr, 
records. The Proposer or Insured Person shall furnish 
Baghpat, Hapur, Shamli, Muzaffarnagar
such information as the Company may require for 
    Additional zone based Co-Payment would be levied on  settlement of any claim under the Policy, within 
each and every claim (over and above the base co- reasonable time limit and within the time limit specified 
payment opted by the Insured person) in case  in the Policy.
medically necessary treatment has been taken in a 
  22. Notice & Communication
zone higher (Zone A being the highest followed by 
    i.  Any notice, direction, instruction or any other 
Zone B and then Zone C) than the zone for which 
communication related to the Policy should be 
premium has been paid on issuance of the policy. Zone 
made in writing.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 24 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408