Golden Shield
Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to    xv.  Code- Excl18: Maternity: Medical treatment expenses 
remove a direct and immediate health risk to the  traceable to childbirth (including complicated 
insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it  deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during 
must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner. hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy. Expenses 
  vi.  Code- Excl09: Hazardous or Adventure sports towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and 
lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the 
    Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to 
policy period
participation as a professional in hazardous or 
adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-   ii.  Specific exclusions (Exclusions other than those 
jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor  mentioned under e.i. above)
racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky      6.  Any ailment/ illness/ injury/ condition or treatment 
diving, deep-sea diving. or service that is specifically excluded in the Policy 
  vii.  Code- Excl10: Breach of law Schedule under Special Conditions
    Expenses for treatment directly arising from or      7.  Any expenses incurred on prosthesis, corrective 
consequent upon any Insured Person committing or  devices, external durable medical equipment of 
attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal  any kind, instruments used in treatment of sleep 
intent. apnoea syndrome or cost of cochlear implant(s) 
  viii. Code- Excl11: Excluded Providers unless necessitated by an Accident or required 
intra-operatively.
    Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or 
by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider      8.  Multifocal Lens and ambulatory devices such as 
specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its  walkers, crutches, splints, stockings of any kind 
website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible.  and also any medical equipment which is 
However, in case of life threatening situations or  subsequently used at home. 
following an accident, expenses up to the stage of 
    9.  Expenses incurred on dental treatment unless 
stabilization are payable but not the complete claim
necessitated due to an Accident
  ix.  Code- Excl12: Treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or 
    10. Personal comfort, cosmetics, convenience and 
substance abuse or any addictive condition and 
hygiene related items and services
consequences thereof. 
    11. Acupressure, acupuncture, magnetic and other 
  x.  Code- Excl13: Treatments     received     in     heath   
therapies
hydros,   nature   cure   clinics,   spas   or similar 
establishments or private beds registered as a nursing      12. Circumcision unless necessary for treatment of an 
home attached to such establishments or where  Illness or necessitated due to an Accident.  
admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic      13. Expenses for venereal disease or any sexually 
reasons. transmitted disease (except HIV/AIDS)
  xi.  Code- Excl14: Dietary supplements and substances that      14. Any Treatment or medical services taken outside 
can be purchased without prescription, including but   the geographical boundaries of India.
not limited to Vitamins,   minerals   and   organic 
    15. Any expenses incurred on out-patient (OPD) 
substances  unless prescribed by a medical practitioner 
treatment. (This exclusion shall not be applicable 
as part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure.
in case care management plus program has been 
  xii.  Code- Excl15: Expenses related to the treatment for 
opted for by payment of additional premium)
correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 
    16. Intentional self-injury (whether arising from an 
7.5 dioptres
attempt to commit suicide or otherwise)
  xiii. Code- Excl16: Unproven Treatments: Expenses  
    17. Any injury or illness caused by or arising from or 
related  to  any  unproven  treatment,  services  and  
attributed to war, invasion, acts of foreign 
supplies for  or  in connection with any treatment. 
enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or 
Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or 
not), civil war, commotion, unrest, rebellion, 
supplies that lack significant medical documentation 
revolution, military or usurped power or 
to support their effectiveness.
confiscation or nationalisation or requisition of or 
  xiv. Code- Excl17: Sterility and Infertility:  Expenses related 
damage by or under the order of any government 
to sterility and infertility. This includes:
or public local authority
    i.  Any type of contraception, sterilization
    18. Any Illness or Injury caused by or contributed to by 
    ii.  Assisted Reproduction services including artificial 
nuclear weapons/materials or contributed to by or 
insemination and advanced reproductive 
arising from ionising radiation or contamination by 
technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
radioactivity by any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear 
    iii.  Gestational Surrogacy waste or from the combustion of nuclear fuel
    iv.  Reversal of sterilization
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 20 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408