Golden Shield
    ii.  lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to    15. Free look period
similar health insurance product available with the 
    The Free Look Period shall be applicable  on new 
Company at the time of renewal with all the 
individual health insurance policies and not on 
accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative 
renewals or at the time of porting/migrating the policy.
bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI 
    The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 
guidelines, provided the policy has been 
fifteen days from date of receipt of the Policy 
maintained without a break.
documents to review the  terms and conditions of the 
  12. Moratorium Period 
Policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.
    After completion of eight continuous years under this 
    If the insured has not made any claim during the Free 
policy no look back would be applied. This period of 
Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to
eight years is called as moratorium period. The 
    a)  a refund of the premium paid less any expenses 
moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured 
incurred by the company on medical examination 
of the first policy and subsequently completion of 8 
of the insured person and the stamp duty charges; 
continuous years would be applicable from date of 
or
enhancement of sum insured only on the enhanced 
limits. After the expiry of Moratorium Period no health      b)  where the risk has already commenced and the 
insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven  option of return of the Policy is exercised by the  
fraud and permanent exclusions specified in the policy  insured person, a deduction towards the 
contract. The policies would however be subject to all  proportionate risk premium for period of cover or
limits, sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the      c)  where only a part of the insurance coverage has 
policy contract commenced, such proportionate premium 
  13. Premium Payment in lnstalments (Wherever  commensurate with the insurance coverage 
applicable)  during such period;
    lf the insured person has opted for Payment of    16. Redressal of Grievances
Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Half Yearly,      ln case of any grievance the insured person may 
Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy  contact the company through
Schedule/Certificate of lnsurance, the following 
    Website : www.icicilombard.com
Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms 
    Toll Free :  1800 2666
contrary elsewhere in the policy)
    E-Mail  :  customersupport@icicilombard.com
    i.  Grace Period of 15  days would be given to pay the 
    Courier : ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd.
instalment premium due for the policy.
       I CICI Lombard House, 
    ii.  During such grace period, coverage will not be 
      414, Veer Savarkar Marg, 
available from the due date of instalment premium 
      Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, 
till the date of receipt of premium by Company.
      Prabhadevi, Mumbai- 400025
    iii.  The insured person will get the accrued continuity 
    lnsured person may also approach the grievance cell at 
benefit in respect of the "Waiting Periods", 
any of the company's branches with the details of 
"Specific Waiting Periods" in the event of payment 
grievance.
of premium within the stipulated grace Period.
    lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of 
    iv.  No interest will be charged lf the instalment 
grievance through one of the above methods, insured 
premium is not paid on due date.
person may contact the grievance officer at : 
    v.  ln case of instalment premium due not received 
    Manager- Service Quality,  
within the grace period, the policy will get 
    Corporate Manager- Service Quality, 
cancelled.
    National Manager- Operations &
    vi.  ln the event of a claim, all subsequent premium 
    finally Director-services and Business development at 
instalments shall immediately become due and 
the following address:
payable.
    ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited,
    vii.  The company has the right to recover and deduct 
    ICICI Lombard House, 
all the pending instalments from the claim amount 
    414, Veer Savarkar Marg, 
due under the policy.
    Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
  14. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including      Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025.
the Premium Rates 
    For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer the link
    The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise 
    https://www.icicilombard.com/grievance-redressal
or modify the terms of the policy including the premium 
    lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of 
rates. The insured person shall be notified three 
grievance through above methods, the insured person 
months before the changes are effected.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 23 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408