Golden Shield
  •   Scheduling an appointment with any Medical      •   The ambulance service is availed within the same 
Practitioner empanelled with Us  city 
  •   Scheduling appointments for a second opinion      •   This is an assistance service and the expenses for 
the same will have to be borne by the insured 
  •   Providing suitable options with respect to Hospitals as 
person or can be claimed under domestic road 
well as providing assistance in Cashless facility, 
ambulance cover( if inpatient treatment claim is 
wherever applicable. 
found to be admissible) 
  •   Scheduling appointments from diagnostic labs 
  Process to avail Ambulance Assistance: 
empanelled with us.
  a)   On calling Our helpline number provided below, Our 
  •   Providing information, assistance and  facilitation on 
trained customer service executive (CSE) will ask the 
door step delivery of medicines 
Insured person relevant questions to assess the 
  •   Providing preventive information on ailments   situation.
  •   Providing guidance on post Hospitalization care, such    b)   The call may be redirected to a qualified Medical 
as Physiotherapy/ Nursing at home.  Practitioner in order to evaluate the requirement for an 
ambulance with Advanced Life Support based on the 
  Please note that services provided under this Benefit are 
Insured Person’s condition.
solely for assistance, and should not be construed to be a 
  c)   The below mentioned details are to be made available 
substitute for a visit/ consultation to an independent 
for availing the services:  
Medical Practitioner. Our role is limited to that of facilitation 
and Health Assistance services will not include the charges      1.   UHID of Insured Person, as provided on the Health 
for any independent Medical Practitioner/nutritionist/  Card. 
charges incurred on diagnostics/ consulted on HAT’s      2.   Contact number of the Insured Person
recommendation, and such charges are to be borne by the      3.   Location of Insured Person 
Insured Person.
  How to Call an Ambulance? (Via Call)
  For all facilitation services provided under this cover, our 
role shall be limited to assistance only and the charges and 
An IVRS will ask 
Call will be 
expenses associated with the actual service shall have  to  you to select  option 
Call 18001028136 answered by an 
1or 2 depending on 
be borne by the insured person. to reach the  CSE & details like 
requirement.
Emergency  name, UHID, nature 
  This service is available on our mobile application or by  Response Centre Dial 1 for Medical  of emergency will 
Ambulance 
calling on 040-66274205 (please note that this number is  be asked
Services
subject to change) from 8am to 8pm from Monday to 
Saturday except public holidays.
  By availing this service, the Insured person agrees and has 
Patient will be 
no objection to the health records being maintained with Us  Doctor may  Emergency 
taken to the nearest 
accompany patient  Ambulance 
for internal use only.  hospital as per the 
in the ambulance  Transport 
predefined hospital 
  While deciding to obtain the above services, the  Insured  if required network chart will arrive
person(s) expressly notes and agrees that it is entirely for 
them to decide whether to obtain these services and also to 
decide the use (if any) to which these services are to be put 
for.
Ambulance 
9.   Ambulance Assistance  pick up & drop 
Click on emergency  CSE does 
the patient to 
  We will facilitate ground medical transportation by a  icon & place request hospital / health  feedback Call
facility
Service provider to transport the Insured Person to the 
nearest Hospital or any clinic or nursing home for medically 
necessary treatment subject to availability of services in 
that particular city/ location. Kindly visit our website for  The medical team 
updated list of cities/ locations where the services are  Customer service  provides with 
executive connects  continued 
provided.  with medical team necessary 
assistance on call
  1.   The services under this Benefit are subject to the 
following conditions: 
    •   The medical transportation is for a life threatening 
health condition of the Insured Person which  Doctor understand  CSE dispatch the 
situation & advices  ambulance to 
requires immediate and rapid transportation to the  on emergency Care  desired location & 
Hospital; as certified in writing by the Medical  / Selection of  provide necessary 
ambulance details
practitioner
    •   The Insured Person is in India and the treatment is 
in India only; 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 14 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408