Golden Shield
    You or someone claiming on Your behalf must promptly  of Policy) OR communicate non admissibility of claim 
and in any event within 30 days of Your discharge from  within 14 days after You submit complete set of 
a Hospital (for post-hospitalization expenses, within  documents & information in respect of the claims. In 
30 days from the completion of post-hospitalization  case We fail to make the payment of admissible claims 
period) deliver to Us the documentation (written details  or to communicate non admissibility of claim within the 
of the quantum of any Claim along with all original  time period, We shall pay 2% interest over and above 
supporting documentation) as more particularly listed  the rate defined as per IRDAI (Protection of 
in Claim documents section. In case there is a delay  Policyholder's interest) Regulation 2017.
beyond 30 days in submission of  claim documents, we 
  B.  For Cashless Claims: If You notify pre authorization 
may condone the delay provided the insured person 
request for cashless facility through any of Our 
submits a valid reason justifying the delay to us in 
empanelled network hospitals along with complete set 
writing. However, in both the above cases i.e. 
of documents & information, We will respond within 4 
g.1.1.1(A) & (B), You must take reasonable steps or 
hours of the actual receipt of such pre authorization 
measure to minimise the quantum of any Claim that 
request with:
may be covered under the Policy If so requested by Us 
    a.  Approval, or
or Our in house claim processing team, You will have to 
    b.  Rejection, or
undergo a medical examination from Our nominated 
Medical Practitioner, as and when We or Our in house      c.  Query seeking further information
claim processing team considers reasonable and 
      In case the request is for enhancement, i.e. Request 
necessary. The cost of such examination will be borne 
for increase in the amount already authorized, We 
by Us.
will respond to it within 3 hours.
  Claim falling in two Policy periods
      In case of delay in response by Us beyond the time 
  If the claim event falls within two Policy periods, the claims  period as stated above for cashless claims, We 
shall be paid taking into consideration the available Sum  shall be liable to pay ` 1,000 to You. Our maximum 
Insured in the two Policy periods, including the Deductions  liability in respect of a single hospitalization shall, 
for each Policy Period. Such eligible claim amount to be  at no time exceed ` 1,000. We will not be liable to 
payable to the Insured shall be reduced to the extent of  make any payments under this Claim Service 
premium to be received for the Renewal/due date of  Guarantee in case of any force majeure, natural 
premium of health insurance Policy, if not received earlier. event or manmade disturbance which impedes 
Our inability to make a decision or to communicate 
1.2 CLAIM DOCUMENTS
such decisions to You.
  You shall be required to furnish the following documents for 
      The service guarantee shall not be applicable for 
or in support of a Claim:
any cases delayed on account of reasonable 
  i.  Duly completed Claim form signed by You and the 
apprehension  of fraud or fraudulent  claims or 
Medical Practitioner. The claim form can be 
cases referred to/by any adjudicative forum for 
downloaded from our website www.icicilombard.com.
necessary disposal.
  ii.  Original bills, receipts and discharge certificate/ card 
      You may lodge claim separately for the 
from the Hospital/ Medical Practitioner.
hospitalization claim, Pre-Post hospitalization. In 
  iii.  Original bills from chemists supported by proper 
such scenario, if delay happens beyond the time 
prescription.
period as specified above, the interest amount 
  iv.  Original investigation test reports and payment  calculated will be on the net sanctioned amount of 
receipts. respective transaction and not the total amount 
paid for the entire claim.
  v.  Indoor case papers
      Any amount paid towards interest under Claim 
  vi.  Medical Practitioner's referral letter advising 
Service Guarantee will not affect the Annual Sum 
Hospitalization in non-Accident cases.
Insured as specified in the Schedule.
  vii.  Any other document as required by Us or Our TPA to 
      If you are not eligible for 'Claim Service Guarantee' 
investigate the Claim or Our obligation to make 
for the reasons stated above, We will inform the 
payment for it
same to You, within 14 days in case of A. For 
1.3  Claim Service Guarantee
Reimbursement claims and within 4 hours in case 
  We provide You Claim Service Guarantee as follows
of B. For Cashless claims above.
  A.  For Reimbursement Claims: We shall make the 
payment of admissible claim (as per terms & conditions 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 29 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408