Golden Shield
    List of Minor Procedures covered under this benefit #     i.  Standard exclusions (Exclusions for which 
standard wordings are specified by IRDAI)
    Sr. No.  Procedure
      1.  Code- Excl01: Pre-Existing Diseases 
    9  Suturing (Staple under LA)
        a.   Expenses related to the treatment of a 
    10  Removal of suture
pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct 
    11  Stabilization of joint
complications shall be excluded until the 
    12  Syringing ear to remove wax expiry of 24 months of continuous 
coverage after the date of inception of the 
    13  Application or removal of plaster cast
first policy with insurer.
    14  Laryngoscopy
        b.  In case of enhancement of sum insured the 
    15  Minor wound management
exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent 
    #this includes only the cost of administration.  The  of sum insured increase.
actual cost of consumables shall be covered under the 
        c.  If the Insured Person is continuously 
pharmacy cover. However, the said cost will have to be 
covered without any break as defined 
borne by the insured person in case the annual sum 
under the portability norms of the extant 
insured under the pharmacy cover has been exhausted 
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, 
or is out of scope of the Pharmacy cover or in case the 
then waiting period for the same would be 
consumable is a non-payable item.
reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
  5.  Pharmacy cover
        d.  Coverage under the policy after the expiry 
    We shall cover medical expenses incurred on purchase  of 24 months for any pre-existing disease 
of medicines, drugs, and medical consumables, as  is subject to the same being declared at 
prescribed by a Medical Practitioner under our  the time of application and accepted by 
cashless network available in the mobile application  Insurer.
for any Illness contracted or Injury suffered by the 
      2.  Code- Excl02: Specified disease/procedure 
Insured Person during the Policy Period, maximum up 
waiting period
to ` 2,000 through our Empanelled Health Service 
        a.  Expenses related to the treatment of the 
Provider subject to availability on the date of the 
listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments 
request.
shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 
    Health supplements, Nutraceuticals, foods for special 
months of continuous coverage after the 
dietary use, foods for special medical purpose, foods 
date of inception of the first policy with us. 
with added probiotics and/or foods with added 
This exclusion shall not be applicable for 
prebiotics, vaccinations, vitamins, tonics or other 
claims arising due to an accident.
related products are excluded from the scope of this 
        b.  In case of enhancement of sum insured the 
cover.
exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent 
  6.  Nursing at Home 
of sum insured increase. 
    We shall cover the expenses incurred by You, up to 
        c.  If any of the specified disease/procedure 
` 2,000 for each day up to a maximum of 15 days post 
falls under the waiting period specified for 
Hospitalization for the medical services of a Qualified 
pre-Existing diseases, then the longer of 
Nurse at Your residence, provided that the nurse is 
the two waiting periods shall apply.
employed in a Hospital and the engagement of such 
        d.  The waiting period for listed conditions 
Qualified Nurse is certified as necessary by a Medical 
shall apply even if contracted after the 
Practitioner and related directly to any Illness or Injury, 
policy or declared and accepted without a 
covered under the Policy. The payment under this cover 
specific exclusion.
is subject to admissibility of Your In-patient treatment 
Claim under the Policy.         e.  If the Insured Person is continuously 
covered without any break as defined 
  d.  Exclusions
under the applicable norms on portability 
    We will not be liable for any Voluntary Deductible 
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period 
amount, if applicable and as specifically defined in the 
for the same would be reduced to the 
Policy Schedule under the Policy.
extent of prior coverage.
    We will not be liable to make any payment under this 
Policy in connection with or in respect of any expenses 
whatsoever incurred in connection with or in respect of:
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 17 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408