Golden Shield
  i.   Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses or Post- rapid ambulance transportation from the place where 
hospitalization Medical Expenses. the Insured Person is situated at the time of requiring 
Emergency Care to a hospital provided that the 
  ii.   Any expenses incurred for the purpose of evaluation or 
transportation is for Medically Necessary Treatment, is 
investigation.
certified in writing by a Medical Practitioner, and road 
10.  Domestic road ambulance cover
ambulance services cannot be provided.
  We will cover the expenses incurred on road ambulance 
  b.   Such air ambulance providing the services, should be 
services which are offered by a healthcare or ambulance 
duly licensed to operate as such by a competent 
service provider and which have been used during the 
government Authority.
Policy Period to transfer the Insured Person to the nearest 
  c.   This cover is limited to transportation from the area of 
Hospital with adequate emergency facilities for the 
emergency to the nearest Hospital only;
provision of Emergency Care, provided that:
  d.   We will not cover:
  •   Our maximum liability under this Benefit for every 
claim arising during the Policy Year will be restricted to      a.   Any transportation from one Hospital to another;
1% of the Annual Sum insured maximum up to
    b.   Any transportation of the Insured Person from 
`10,000;
Hospital to the Insured Person’s residence after 
  •   We have accepted a claim under “Inpatient treatment”  he/she has been discharged from the Hospital
in respect of the Insured Person for the same 
    c.   Any transportation or air ambulance expenses 
Accident/Illness for which road ambulance services 
incurred outside the geographical scope of India.
were availed.
  e.   We have accepted a claim under Inpatient treatment in 
  •   This Benefit includes and is limited to the cost of the 
respect of the Insured Person for the same 
transportation of the Insured Person:
Accident/Illness for which air ambulance services were 
    a)   From the place of injury/illness to the nearest  availed.
hospital
  f.   We shall not be liable if Medically Necessary Treatment 
    b)   To the nearest Hospital with higher medical  can be provided at the Hospital where the Insured 
facilities which is prepared to admit the Insured  Person is situated at the time of requiring Emergency 
Person and provide the necessary medical  Care.
services if such medical services cannot 
12. Base Co-payment
satisfactorily be provided at a Hospital where the 
  This policy will be subject to 50% base co-payment and 
Insured Person is situated, and only if that 
He/She shall be liable to pay 50% of admissible claim 
transportation has been prescribed in writing by a 
amount of each and every claim. Base Co-payment once 
Medical Practitioner and is for Medically 
chosen cannot be changed mid-term. Modification of co-
Necessary Treatment.
payment may happen only during renewal subject to 
    c)   From a Hospital to the nearest diagnostic centre 
underwriting. In case, base co-payment is reduced during 
during the course of Hospitalization for advanced 
renewal, fresh waiting periods shall be applicable on the 
diagnostic treatment in circumstances where such 
modified portion of base co-payment.
facility is not available in the existing Hospital.
  i.   Base Co-payment shall be applicable to all benefits 
  •   The ambulance / service provider providing the 
under the policy except any benefits availed under 
services be a registered provider with road traffic 
Care management program, Care management plus 
authority.
program, preventive health check-up,.
  Any expenses in relation to transportation of the Insured 
  ii.   Base Co-payment shall not be applicable in case 
Person from Hospital to the Insured Person’s residence 
voluntary deductible has been opted for.
while transferring an Insured Person after he/she has been 
13.  Cumulative Bonus/ Additional Sum Insured
discharged from the Hospital are not payable under this 
Benefit.   We will provide a Cumulative Bonus of 10% of the Annual 
Sum insured at the end of each Policy Year if the expiring 
11.  Air Ambulance
Policy has been claim free and is continuously renewed 
  We will cover the expenses up to the Annual sum insured 
with Us. The Cumulative Bonus will not be accumulated for 
incurred on air ambulance services in respect of an Insured 
more than 100% of the Annual Sum insured under any 
Person which are offered by a healthcare or an air 
circumstances.
ambulance service provider and which have been used 
  i.   In case where the policy is on a floater basis the 
during the Policy Period to transfer the Insured Person to 
cumulative bonus will be on floater basis and for 
the nearest Hospital with adequate emergency facilities for 
individual policy the same will be on an individual 
the provision of Emergency Care, provided that:
basis.
  a.   It is for a life threatening emergency health condition/s 
  ii.   In case where the policy is on a floater basis, the 
of the Insured Person which requires immediate and 
cumulative bonus will be accrued only if no claims have 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 8 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408