Golden Shield
d.   Benefits covered under the policy proportion of the difference between room rent of the 
entitled room category to the room rent actually 
  The Benefits listed in base cover are in-built benefits and 
incurred
shall be available to all Insured Persons in accordance with 
the procedures set out in this Policy wording.     a.   For the purpose of this cover, “Associated medical 
expenses” shall include room rent, nursing 
  This Policy covers Allopathic and AYUSH treatments taken 
charges, operation theatre charges, fees of 
in India ONLY. Any expenses incurred outside the policy 
medical practitioner including surgeon/ 
period will NOT be covered.
anaesthetist / specialist within the same hospital 
  Any claims made under any of the benefits mentioned 
where the insured person has been admitted and 
below (except Care management program, Care 
will not include the cost of pharmacy and 
management plus program,) will impact eligibility for 
consumables, cost of implants, medical devices 
Additional Sum Insured.
and cost of diagnostics.
  Any unutilized annual sum insured/tele-consultations/e- 
    b.   Proportionate deductions are not applicable for 
consultations/benefits cannot be carried forward to the 
ICU charges
next policy year.
    c.   Proportionate deductions shall not be applicable 
Base Cover
for hospitals which do not follow differential billing 
1.   In Patient Treatment or for those expenses in respect of which 
  We will cover the following Medical Expenses incurred in  differential billing is not adopted based on the 
respect of Hospitalization of the Insured Person during the  room category.
Policy Period, up to the Annual Sum Insured specified in the    vi.   Expenses associated with automation machine for 
Policy Schedule against this Benefit: peritoneal dialysis shall not be payable
  i.   Room Rent up to Twin sharing room (for Annual Sum 
  vii.  Any Medical Expenses payable shall not in aggregate 
Insured below ` 10 Lacs and Single private AC room for 
exceed the Annual Sum Insured and additional sum 
annual sum insured ` 10L and above);
insured / cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the 
  ii.   Intensive Care Unit Charges; Policy Schedule against this Benefit.
  iii.   Qualified Nurse charges; 2.   Day Care Treatment
  iv.   Medical Practitioner’s Fees ;   We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
the Day Care Treatment of the Insured Person during the 
  v.   Anaesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre 
Policy Period provided that:
charges, medicines, drugs and consumables (other 
than those specified in the list of excluded expenses    i.   The Day Care Treatment is for Medically Necessary 
(non-medical) in Annexure I; Treatment.
  vi.   Surgical appliances and prosthetic devices    ii.   The Day Care Treatment follows the written advice of a 
recommended in writing by the attending Medical  Medical Practitioner.
Practitioner and that are used intra operatively during 
  iii.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
a Surgical Procedure;
Customary Charges.
  vii.  Cost of investigative tests or prescribed diagnostic 
  iv.   We will also cover Medical Expenses incurred for 
procedures directly related to the Injury/Illness for 
procedures including but not limited to intravenous 
which the Insured Person is Hospitalized;
chemotherapy, radiotherapy, hemodialysis or any 
  We will consider a claim under this Benefit, subject to the  other therapeutic procedure which requires a period of 
following: specialized observation or medical care after 
  i.   The Hospitalization is for Medically Necessary  completion of the procedure.
Treatment.   v.   We will not cover any Out Patient Treatment or 
  ii.   The hospitalization warrants inpatient admission in  diagnostic services under this Benefit.
view of active line of treatment.   vi.   Expenses associated with automation machine for 
  iii.   The Hospitalization commences and continues on the  peritoneal dialysis shall not be payable
written advice of a Medical Practitioner.   vii.  Any Medical Expenses payable shall not in aggregate 
  iv.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and  exceed the Sum Insured and additional sum insured/ 
Customary Charges. cumulative bonus (if any) specified in the Policy 
Schedule against this Benefit.
  v.   If the Insured Person is admitted in a room category/ 
limit that is higher than the one that is specified in the  3.   Coverage for Modern Treatments
Policy Schedule/ Product benefit table of this policy,    We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
then the Insured Person shall bear a rateable  Hospitalization of the Insured Person for the below 
proportion of the total Associated medical expenses  mentioned modern treatments during the Policy Period, up 
(including surcharges or taxes thereon) in the  to the Annual Sum Insured
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 5 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408