Golden Shield
    Reasonable and Customary Charges means the  the Policy Schedule and is/are hereinafter referred as 
charges for services or supplies, which are the  “You”/“Your”/ “Yours”/ “Yourself”
standard charges for the specific provider and 
    Medical Practitioner is a person who holds a valid 
consistent with the prevailing charges in the 
registration from the Medical Council of any State or 
geographical area for identical or similar services, 
Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine 
taking into account the nature of Illness/injury involved.
or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India 
    Renewal defines the terms on which the contract of  or a State Government and is thereby entitled to 
insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a  practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting 
provision of grace period for treating the renewal  within the scope and jurisdiction of his license.
continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-
    The term Medical Practitioner would include physician, 
existing diseases, time-bound exclusions and for all 
specialist, anaesthetist and surgeon but would exclude 
waiting periods.
You and Your spouse, Your children, Your brother(s), 
    Room Rent means the amount charged by a hospital  Your sister(s) and Your parent(s).
towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall 
    Period of Insurance means the period as specifically 
include associated medical expenses.
appearing in the Policy Schedule and commencing 
    Subrogation shall mean the right of the insurer to  from the Policy Period Start Date of the first Policy 
assume the rights of the insured person to recover  taken by You from Us and then, running concurrent to 
expenses paid out under the policy that may be  Your current Policy subject to the Your continuous 
recovered from any other source. renewal of such Policy with Us.
    Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and/or      Policy means these Policy wordings, the Policy 
operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an  Schedule and any applicable endorsements or 
illness or injury, correction of deformities and defects,  extensions attaching to or forming part thereof. The 
diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief of suffering or  Policy contains details of the extent of cover available 
prolongation of life, performed in a hospital or day care  to You, what is excluded from the cover and the terms & 
centre by a Medical Practitioner conditions on which the Policy is issued to You.
    Unproven/Experimental treatment means treatment      Proposer means the person(s) or the entity named in 
including drug experimental therapy which is not  the Policy Schedule who executed the Policy Schedule 
based on established  medical practice in India, is  and is (are) responsible for payment of premium(s).
treatment experimental or unproven.
    Policy Period means the period commencing from the 
  ii. Specific definitions (Definitions other than those  Policy Period Start Date, Time and ending at the Policy 
mentioned under c. I. above) Period End Date, Time of the Policy and as specifically 
appearing in the Policy Schedule.
    Admission means Your admission in a Hospital as an 
inpatient for the purpose of medical treatment of an      Policy Year means a period of twelve months 
Injury and/or Illness. beginning from the Policy Period Start Date and ending 
on the last day of such twelve-month period. For the 
    AYUSH treatments refers to the medical aid and / or 
purpose of subsequent years, “Policy Year” shall mean 
hospitalisation treatments given under ‘Ayurveda, 
a period of twelve months beginning from the end of 
Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and 
the previous Policy Year and lapsing on the last day of 
Homeopathy systems
such twelve-month period, till the Policy Period End 
    Annual Sum Insured means and denotes the 
Date, as specified in the Policy Schedule
maximum amount of cover available to You during 
    Service Provider means any person, organization, 
each Policy Year of the Policy Period, as stated in the 
institution, or company that has been empanelled with 
Policy Schedule or any revisions thereof based on 
Us to provide services specified under the Benefits 
Claim settled under the Policy.
(including add-ons) to The Insured person. These shall 
    Break in Policy occurs at the end of the existing policy 
also include all healthcare providers empanelled to 
term, when the premium due for renewal on a given 
form a part of network other than hospitals.
policy is not paid on or before the premium renewal 
    The list of the Service Providers is available at our 
date or within 30 days thereof.
website (https://www.icicilombard.com/content/ilom-
    Claim means a demand made by You or on Your behalf 
en/serviceprovider/search.asp) and is subject to 
for payment of Medical Expenses or any other 
amendment from time to time.
expenses or benefits, as covered under the Policy.
    You/Your/ Yours/ Yourself means the person(s) that 
    Immediate Family means spouse, dependent children, 
We insure and is/are specifically named as Insured / 
brother(s), sister(s) and dependent parent(s) of the 
Insured Person(s) in the Policy Schedule.
insured.
    We/ Our/ Ours/ Us means the ICICI Lombard General 
    Insured/Insured Person(s) means the individual(s) 
Insurance Company Limited
whose name(s) is/are specifically appearing as such in 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 4 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408