Golden Shield
been made in respect of all Insured Person(s) in the    x. If the Annual Sum Insured under the Policy has been 
expiring policy period. increased at the time of Renewal the Cumulative Bonus 
shall be calculated on the Annual Sum Insured of the 
  iii.   In a floater policy as specified in the Policy Schedule, 
last completed Policy Year.
the Cumulative Bonus so accrued during the previous 
Policy Year(s) will only be available to those Insured    xi. In the event of a Claim under the Policy during any 
Person(s) who were insured in previous Policy Year(s)  subsequent Policy Year, the accrued cumulative bonus 
and continue to be insured with Us in the subsequent  shall not be reduced. 
Policy Year(s).
14.  Reset Benefit
  iv.   Cumulative Bonus will not be added if the Policy is not 
  We will reset the Annual Sum insured up to 100% of the 
renewed with Us by the end of the Grace Period.
Annual Sum insured unlimited times, for all future claims 
  v.   Cumulative bonus can be utilised only when the  within the same policy not related to the illness / disease / 
Annual Sum Insured is completely exhausted. injury for which a claim has been paid for the same insured 
person in a Policy Year as stated in the Policy Schedule, 
  vi.   If the Policy Period is two or three years, any 
provided that: 
Cumulative Bonus that has accrued for the first/second 
Policy Year will be credited at the end of the first/second    i.   The Annual Sum insured including additional sum 
Policy Year as the case may be and will be available for  insured /Cumulative Bonus (if any) in respect of the 
any claims made in the subsequent Policy Year. Insured Person is insufficient as a result of previous 
claims paid in that Policy Year. 
  vii.  If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered 
on an individual basis as specified in the Policy    ii.   The total amount of reset will not exceed the Annual 
Schedule and there is an accumulated Cumulative  Sum Insured for that policy year. 
Bonus for each Insured Person under the expiring 
  iii.   The Reset Benefit will be applied only if the claim is 
policy, and such expiring policy has been Renewed 
made and admissible under “Inpatient Treatment” or 
with Us on a floater policy basis as specified in the 
“Daycare Procedure”.
Policy Schedule then the Cumulative Bonus to be 
  iv.   The Reset Benefit will not be triggered for the first claim 
carried forward for credit in such Renewed Policy shall 
made during the Policy Year.
be the lowest among all the Insured Persons.
  v.   The Reset benefit will be triggered only once and not 
  viii.  In case of floater policies where Insured Persons 
unlimited times for all future claims within the same 
Renew their expiring policy with Us by splitting the 
policy which are related to the illness/disease/injury for 
Annual Sum Insured in to individual policies the 
which a claim has already been paid/registered for the 
Cumulative Bonus of the expiring policy shall be 
same insured person.
apportioned to such Renewed Policies in the 
proportion of the Annual Sum Insured of each    vi.   For individual policies, reset Sum Insured will be 
Renewed Policy as detailed in table below. available on individual basis whereas for floater 
policies, it will be available on floater basis.
Annual  Accumulate Revised  Revised 
  vii.  For any single claim during a Policy Year , the maximum 
Floater  Sum  dC  umulative  Floater  AnnualS um  Accumulated 
Insured bonus/  policy split  Insuredo f  Cumulative  claim amount payable shall not exceed the sum of
Additional  to individual each  bonus/      •   The Annual Sum insured;
SumI nsured  policies with individual  Additional 
    •   additional sum insured /Cumulative Bonus;
(after5 c laim  Annual Sum policy SumI nsured 
freey ears) Insured of  ofe ach    viii. The Reset Benefit will not be available for an Illness / 
10 Lacs each individual  Injury or related complications including but not limited 
policy to any relapse within 45 days in respect of which a 
20 L ac 10 L ac 10  Lac 5  Lac claim has been paid in that Policy Year for the same 
Insured Person.
  ix.  If the Annual Sum Insured has been reduced at the time 
  ix.   Any unutilized Reset Benefit will not be carried forward 
of Renewal, the applicable Cumulative Bonus shall be 
to any subsequent Policy Years.
reduced in the same proportion to the Annual Sum 
Insured as detailed in table below   x.   During a Policy Year, the aggregate claim amount 
payable, shall not exceed the sum of:
Annual S um Accumulated  Revised  Revised 
Insured Cumulative  Annual  Sum Accumulated      •   The Annual Sum Insured
bonus/  Annual Sum Insured Cumulative      •   additional sum insured /Cumulative Bonus
Additional  bonus/ 
Insured 
    •   Reset Sum Insured
SumI nsured  Additional 
reduced to 
(after5 c laim  SumI nsured
` 10 Lacs
freey ears)
20 L ac 10 L ac 10  Lac 5  Lac
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 9 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408