Golden Shield
15.  Sub-limits applicable
  The expenses payable during the entire policy period for treatment of the following diseases/ conditions (either as a day care or 
as an in-patient exceeding 24hrs of admission in the hospital) shall be maximum up to the amount mentioned in the table below;
Annual Sum Insured
Procedures/Medical Conditions/Ailments/Diseases
3L/4L/5L 10L/15L/20L >20L
Treatment of cataract Up to ` 25,000/ eye Up to ` 50,000/ eye Up to ` 75,000/ eye
Treatment of each and every ailment/procedure mentioned below
Treatment of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disorders
Treatment/surgeries for cancer(including chemo/radio/oral)
` 2,00,000 ` 3,50,000 ` 5,00,000
Treatment of other renal complications and disorders
Treatment for breakage of long bones/Joint replacements
Robotic surgeries for any ailment/condition/disease ` 1,00,000 ` 1,75,000 ` 2,50,000
Sub-limits will include the expenses incurred on pre hospitalisation and post hospitalisation expenses
16.  Enhanced Annual Sum insured for Road Traffic Accidents   •   The Network Provider /Health Service Provider shall be 
assigned by Us post receiving Insured Person’s request 
  If the insured person meets with a Road Traffic Accident 
to avail a health check-up under this Benefit. 
resulting in in-patient hospitalization, then the Annual Sum 
Insured shall be doubled subject to the following:    •   Utilisation of this preventive health check-up will not 
impact the Annual Sum Insured or eligibility for 
  •   It is declared and proven that the insured person was 
additional sum insured /cumulative Bonus. 
taking due safety precautions such as use of seat-belt/ 
helmet/ following road traffic signals and was either    •   Un-utilised health check-up package will not be carried 
riding as pillion rider in a two wheeler or travelling in a  forward to the next policy year and it will be the Insured 
four wheeler at the time of accident as evidenced by  Person’s choice and responsibility to utilise the same 
Police record and Hospital record.  with in the designated policy period. We shall not be 
liable to provide any reminders or notifications for the 
  •   The enhanced(doubled) Sum Insured shall be available 
same.  
only once during the policy period. 
  •   In-case of long term policies (2 year or 3 years), the 
  •   The enhanced (double) Sum Insured shall be available 
preventive health check-up package for all the policy 
only after exhaustion of the annual sum insured. 
years shall be provided together in the first policy year 
  •   The enhanced Sum Insured can be utilized only for that 
itself. It shall be the responsibility of the Insured Person 
particular hospitalization following the Road Traffic 
to preserve the same and undergo the check-ups 
Accident .
during the designated policy years.  
  •   Reset benefit shall not trigger for claims under this 
  Please Note:  
cover.  
  •    We shall not hold any responsibility towards any loss 
  •   This benefit shall not be applicable for day care 
or damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, 
treatment. 
advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, omissions 
  •   The unutilized balance of enhanced (doubled) sum  and representations made by the Medical Practitioner/ 
insured for road traffic accidents cannot be carried  Healthcare professional. 
forward for the remaining policy period or for renewal. 
  •   Choosing the services under this Benefit is purely upon 
  •   Claims under this benefit will reduce the Cumulative  the customer’s own discretion and at own risk. 
bonus/ additional sum insured
  •   The Insured Person should seek assistance from a 
17.  Preventive health check-up health care professional when interpreting and 
  Insured Persons can avail a preventive health check-up as  applying them to the Insured person’s individual 
per our pre- defined package only at our network providers  circumstances. If the Insured person has any concerns 
or empanelled health service providers anytime during the  about His/ her health, He/ She may consult His/ her 
Policy period subject to the below conditions :  general practitioner.   
  •   This benefit can be availed only on cashless basis and  18. Incentives associated with Vaccination against 
is limited to once a year per Insured Person.  pneumococcal disease
  We will provide an additional 2.5% discount on premium 
  •   This benefit can be availed through our mobile 
(fresh or renewal) for Insured Person(s) who have taken the 
application or via utilisation of health check-up 
Pneumococcal vaccine or its equivalent vaccine which 
coupons provided with the policy kit 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 10 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408