Golden Shield
    f.  List of specific Illness and Surgical Procedures as mention below: (Contd.)
Sr.  Organ /Organ  Illness/ diagnosis  Surgeries/ Procedures (irrespective of any 
No. System (irrespective of treatments medical or surgical) illness or diagnosis other than cancers)
7 Other General  All internal/ external tumors, cysts, nodules, polyps, sinus, fistula
conditions 
(Applicable to  Varicose veins & Varicose ulcers
all organ 
systems/  Parkinson’s disease/Alzheimer’s disease
organs/ 
disciplines 
whether or not 
described 
above)
3.  a.  Expenses related to the treatment of the below      Expenses related to any admission primarily for 
mentioned illness within 90 days from the first policy  enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This 
commencement date shall be excluded unless they  also includes:
are pre-existing and disclosed at the time of 
    a.  Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility 
underwriting
for personal care such as help with activities of 
    i.   Hypertension daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving 
around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-
    ii.   Diabetes
skilled persons.
    iii. Cardiac Conditions
    b.  Any services for people who are terminally ill to 
  b.  This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured 
address  physical,  social, emotional and spiritual 
Person has continuous coverage for more than twelve 
needs
months.
  iii.  Code- Excl06: Obesity/ Weight Control
  c.  The within referred waiting period is made applicable 
      Expenses related to the surgical treatment of 
to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting 
obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
higher sum insured subsequently.
      1.  Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of 
4.  Code- Excl03: 30-day waiting period
the Doctor
  a.  Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 
      2.  The surgery/Procedure conducted should be 
30 days from the first policy commencement date shall 
supported by clinical protocols
be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, 
provided the same are covered.       3.  The member has to be 18 years of age or older 
and
  b.  This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured 
Person has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve        4.  Body Mass Index (BMI);
months.
        a.  greater than or equal to 40 or
  c.  The within referred waiting period is made applicable 
        b.  greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction 
to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting 
with any of the following severe co-
higher sum insured subsequently
morbidities following failure of less 
  Unless covered by way of an appropriate extensions /  invasive methods of weight loss:
optional covers, We shall not be liable to make any 
          i.  Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
payment under this Policy in connection with or in 
          ii.  Coronary heart disease
respect of
          iii.  Severe Sleep Apnea
5.  Permanent Exclusions 
          iv.  Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
  i.  Code- Excl04: Investigation & Evaluation
  iv.  Code- Excl07:  Change of Gender treatments 
    a.  Expenses related to any admission primarily for 
diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are      Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical 
excluded. management, to change characteristics of the body to 
those of the opposite sex.
    b.  Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or 
not incidental to the current diagnosis and    v.  Code- Excl08: Cosmetic or plastic Surgery
treatment are excluded.     Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any 
  ii.  Code - Excl05: Exclusion Name: Rest Cure,  treatment to change appearance unless for 
rehabilitation and respite care- reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 19 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408