Golden Shield
helps prevent pneumococcal disease. All the members  specialist or a general physician will have to be 
covered under  thepolicy should have be vaccinated in the  borne by the Insured Person. 
past one year (1 year) from policy start date to avail this 
    •   We shall not be liable for any discrepancy in the 
discount. i.e. if policy start date is 1st January 2022, all 
information provided under this Benefit. 
insured persons under the policy should have been 
    •   Choosing the services under this Benefit is purely 
vaccinated against Pneumococcal disease in the period 
upon the customer’s own discretion and at own risk. 
from 1st January 2021 to 31st December 2021. This 
discount shall be provided lifetime as long as the insured      •   *The proposer should seek assistance from a 
person continues to renew this policy.  health care professional when interpreting and 
applying them to the Insured person’s individual 
Mandatory Extension:
circumstances. If the Insured person has any 
19.  Care Management Program
concerns about His/ her health, He/ She may 
   In consideration of payment of additional premium, the 
consult His/ her general practitioner.  We shall not 
insured person can avail benefits of the Care Management 
hold any responsibility towards any loss or 
Program. The Care Management Program aims to provide 
damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, 
solutions which will solve everyday challenges/issues 
advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, 
faced by You, promote holistic wellbeing and empower You 
omissions and representations made by the 
to lead independent and enriching lives.  
Medical Practitioner/ Healthcare professional. 
  Our Care management program focusses on providing You 
  2.   Second E-opinion for Critical Illness
with assistance and support in case of any challenge but at 
    We shall arrange E-opinion on a cashless basis from 
the same time equipping you for the future. Our endeavour 
our empanelled Medical Practitioners in case the 
is to promote longevity, productivity and incentivise You for 
Insured Person is diagnosed with any of the below 
your healthy behaviour which will enable dignified living. 
listed critical Illnesses during the Policy Period, and at 
  The Insured Person shall have access to a host of benefits 
his/her sole discretion chooses to avail an E-opinion 
under the Care management program on downloading and 
subject to the below mentioned conditions. 
registering on our mobile application. This activity is to 
    •   The E-opinion will be arranged on cashless basis 
ensure adequate utilization of services offered and to 
and the insured person will not have to bear any 
redeem the wellbeing points awarded. 
expenses on the same.  
  1.   Tele Consultation(s)
    •   The E-opinion will be based only on the 
    We will arrange consultations and recommendations 
information and documentation provided to Us 
for routine health issues by a qualified Medical 
(which will be shared with the Medical 
Practitioner or health care professional. For the 
Practitioner) and it should not be construed to 
purpose of this benefit Telephonic/Virtual consultation 
constitute medical advice and/or substitute the 
shall mean consultation provided by a qualified 
Insured Person's visit/ consultation to an 
Medical Practitioner or Health care professional 
independent Medical Practitioner/Healthcare 
through various mode of communication like audio, 
professional. 
video, online portal, chat or mobile application. The 
    •   This E-opinion can be availed only once during the 
services provided under this Benefit will be made 
Policy Period for the same illness.  
available subject to the terms and conditions, and in 
the manner prescribed below:      •   Appointments to avail this E-opinion may be 
requested through Our Website or Our mobile 
    •  The Medical Practitioner may suggest / 
application or through calling Our call centre on 
recommend / prescribe over the counter 
Our toll free number. 
medications based on the information provided, if 
required on a case to case basis. However, the      •   The E-opinion provided under this Benefit shall be 
services under this Benefit should not be construed  limited to the listed critical Illnesses and will not be 
to constitute medical advice and/or substitute the  valid for any medico legal purposes. 
Insured Person's visit/ consultation to an 
    •   We do not assume any liability towards any loss or 
independent Medical Practitioner/Healthcare 
damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, 
professional*. 
advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, 
    •   There shall be no maximum limit on the count of  omissions and representations made by the 
tele-consultations that can be availed by the  Medical Practitioner. 
Insured Person in a policy year. 
  List of Critical Illness for which Second E-opinion may be 
    •   This service will be available 24 hours a day, and  requested
365 days in a year. 
  Heart and vascular conditions
    •  We/Medical Practitioner/Healthcare professional 
  1.   Myocardial Infarction  
may refer the Insured Person to another specialist 
  2.   Refractory heart failure  
or a general physician (outside of our empanelled 
network), if required and the charges for such    3.   Cardiomyopathy 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 11 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408