HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
  Must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate 
medical care in scope, duration or intensity. 
  Must have been prescribed by a Medical Practitioner. 
  Must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical 
practice or by the medical community in India. 
 
Def. 28.  Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the medical 
council of any state or medical council of India or council for Indian medicine or for homeopathy 
set up by the government of India or a state government and is thereby entitled to practice 
medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of license. 
 
Def. 29.  Migration means the right accorded to individual health insurance policyholders (including 
all members under family cover and members of group health insurance policy) to transfer the 
credits gained for pre-existing conditions and time-bound exclusions, with the same insurer.  
 
Def. 30.  Network Provider means Hospital enlisted by an insurer or a TPA or jointly by an insurer and 
a TPA to provide medical services to an insured by a cashless facility.  
 
Def. 31.  New Born Baby means baby born during the Policy Period and is aged up to 90 days. 
 
Def. 32.  Non Network Provider means any Hospital, day care centre or other provider that is not part 
of the Network 
 
Def. 33.  Notification of Claim means the process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through 
any of the recognized modes of communication. 
 
Def. 34.  OPD treatment means the one in which the Insured visits a clinic / hospital or associated 
facility like a consultation room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice of a Medical 
Practitioner. The Insured is not admitted as a day care or in-patient 
 
Def. 35.  Portability means the right accorded to individual health insurance policyholders (including 
all members under family cover) to transfer the credits gained for pre-existing conditions and 
time-bound exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer. 
 
Def. 36.  Pre-existing Disease means any condition, ailment, injury or disease: 
a)  That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the 
policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or 
b)  For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a 
physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the 
insurer or its reinstatement. 
 
Def. 37.  Pre-  Hospitalisation  Medical  Expenses  means  the  medical  expenses  incurred  during 
predefined number of days preceding the hospitalization of the Insured Person, provided that: 
i.  Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured 
Person’s Hospitalisation was required, and 
ii.  The  In-patient  Hospitalization  claim  for  such  Hospitalization  is  admissible  by  the 
Insurance Company 
 
Def. 38.  Post-Hospitalisation Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during predefined 
number of days immediately after the insured person is discharged from the hospital provided 
that: 
i. Such  Medical  Expenses  are  for  the  same  condition  for  which  the  insured  person’s 
hospitalization was required, and 
ii. The inpatient hospitalization claim for such hospitalization is admissible by the insurance 
company 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    6 | P age