HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
being available at the location where the 
Insured Person is situated at the time of 
Emergency;  
•  The  Medical  Evacuation  been 
prescribed by a Medical Practitioner and 
is Medically Necessary;  
•  The insured person is in India and 
the treatment is required in India only 
and  not  overseas  in  any  condition 
whatsoever; and 
•  The  air  ambulance  provider  being 
registered in India. 
  
 d(i)The amount payable in case of Air 
ambulance  facility  shall  be  either  the 
actual  expenses  or  Rs.  2.5  Lacs  per 
hospitalization, whichever is lower; upto 
basic sum insured limit for a year 
3. Additional Benefit not related to Sum Insured: The following benefit is available to all Insured Persons 
during the Policy Period. Any claims made under these benefits will not be subject to In-patient Sum Insured 
and will not impact eligibility for a Cumulative Bonus and Health Checkup. These benefits are applicable based 
on the plan variant selected, as mentioned in the schedule of benefits. 
 
  a.  Maternity Expenses   1.  Pre-  and  post-hospitalisation  expenses  under  1-b) 
i.  Medical  Expenses  for  a  delivery  and 1-c)  
(including  caesarean  section)  as  2.  Ectopic  pregnancy  under  this  benefit  (although  it 
mentioned  in  schedule  of  Benefits  shall be covered under 1a) 
while Hospitalised or the lawful medical  3.  Claim for Dependents other than Insured Person’s 
termination  of  pregnancy  during  the  spouse under this Policy. 
Policy Period limited to 2 deliveries or   
terminations  or  either  during  the 
lifetime of the Insured Person 
ii.  Medical  Expenses  for  pre-natal  and 
post-natal  expenses  per  delivery  or 
termination upto the amount stated in 
the Schedule of Benefits,  
iii.  Medical Expenses incurred for the 
medically necessary treatment of the 
new born baby upto the amount stated 
in the Schedule of Benefits unless the 
new born baby is covered under 2b), 
and  
iv.  The Insured Person must have been an 
Insured Person under Our Policy for the 
period of time specified in the Schedule 
of Benefits. 
   
 
 
4.   Critical Illness (Optional benefit) 
Any claims made under this benefit will not be subject to In-patient Sum Insured and will not impact eligibility 
for a Cumulative Bonus and Health Checkup. This benefit is optional and effective only if mentioned in the 
Schedule. 
4  a.  Critical Illness (Optional benefit)  1.  The  Insured  Person  is  first  diagnosed  as suffering 
We  will  pay  the  Critical  Illness  Sum  from  a  Critical  Illness  within  90  days  of  the 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    12 | P age