HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
Medical Exclusions  3) Treatment for Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive 
condition and consequences thereof. Code – Excl12 
4) Obesity/ Weight Control: Code – Excl06 
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not 
fulfil all the below conditions: 
i. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor 
ii. The  surgery/Procedure  conducted  should  be  supported  by 
clinical protocols 
iii. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and 
iv. Body Mass Index (BMI);  
a) greater than or equal to 40 or 
b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the 
following  severe  co-morbidities  following  failure  of  less 
invasive methods of weight loss: 
i.  Obesity-related cardiomyopathy 
ii.  Coronary heart disease  
iii.  Severe Sleep Apnoea 
iv.  Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes 
5) Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to 
refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres: Code – Excl15 
6) Cosmetic or plastic Surgery: Code- Excl08 
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change 
appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) 
or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a 
direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be 
considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending 
Medical Practitioner. 
7) Change-of-Gender treatments: Code – Excl07 
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, 
to change characteristics of the body to those of the opposite sex. 
8) Unproven Treatments: 
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies 
for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are 
treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical 
documentation to support their effectiveness. Code – Excl16 
9) Investigation & Evaluation: Code – Excl04 
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and 
evaluation purposes only are excluded. 
b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental 
to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded. 
10)  Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care: Code – Excl05 
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest 
and not for receiving treatment. This also includes: 
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for 
personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as 
bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or 
assistant or non-skilled persons.  
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address 
physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs. 
11)  Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas 
or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing 
home attached to such establishments or where admission is 
arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. Code – Excl13 
12)  Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased 
without prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins, minerals 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    18 | P age