HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
Hospital/Day Care Centre for stay less than 
24 hours. Treatment normally taken on out-
patient basis is not included in the scope of 
this definition. 
  e.  Domiciliary Treatment  1.  Treatment  of  less  than  3  days  (Coverage  will  be 
Medical  treatment  for  an   provided for expenses incurred in first three days 
Illness/disease/injury  which  in  the  normal  only if treatment period is greater than 3 days) 
course would require care and treatment at a   
Hospital but is actually taken while confined 
at  home  under  any  of  the  following 
circumstances: 
1. The condition of the Patient  is such that 
he/she is not in a condition to be removed 
to a Hospital or,  
2. The Patient takes treatment at home on 
account of non availability of room in a 
Hospital.  
Pre  and  Post  Hospitalisation  expenses  for 
consultations,  investigations  and  medicines 
incurred upto 60 days before hospitalisation 
and 90 days after hospitalization respectively 
will  be  covered  in  case  of  domiciliary 
treatment. 
  f.  Organ Donor:   1.  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 1a) for 
Medical  and  surgical  expenses  of  the  insured member. 
organ  donor  for  harvesting  the  organ  2.  Admission not compliant under the Transplantation 
where an Insured Person is the recipient.  of Human Organs Act, 1994 (as amended). 
  3.  The  organ  donor’s  Pre  and  Post-Hospitalisation 
IMPORTANT:  Expenses  incurred  by  an  expenses.  
insured person while donating an organ is 
NOT covered. 
  g.  Ambulance:  1.  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 1a) and 
Expenses incurred on a transportation of  1d) 
Insured  Person  to  a  Hospital  for  2.  Healthcare or ambulance service provider not 
treatment  in  case  of  an  emergency,  registered with road traffic authority. 
subject to Rs. 2000 per Hospitalisation. 
  h. Ayush Benefit  1.  Claims which have not been admitted under 1a) 
Expenses  incurred  on  treatment  taken  2.  Hospitalisation for evaluation, Investigation only 
under  Ayurveda,  Unani,  Sidha  and  3.  Treatment availed outside India 
Homeopathy in a government hospital or  4.  Treatment at a healthcare facility which is NOT a 
in any institute recognized by government  Hospital. 
and/or accredited by Quality Council of 
India/National  Accreditation  Board  on 
Health  subject to amounts specified in 
the Schedule of Benefits  
  i.  Daily  Cash  for  choosing  shared  1.  Daily Cash Benefit for time spent by the Insured 
Accommodation    Person in an intensive care unit 
 Daily cash amount will be payable per day   2.  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 
as mentioned in schedule of Benefits if  1a). 
the  Insured  Person  is  Hospitalised  in   
Shared  Accommodation  in  a  Network 
Hospital  for  each  continuous  and 
completed  period  of  24  hours  if  the 
Hospitalisation exceeds 48 hours. 
2)   Additional Benefits: The following benefits are available to all Insured Persons during the Policy Period. 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    10 | P age