HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
purpose of processing any claim. We will bear the cost towards performing such medical 
examination (at the specified location) of the Insured Person. 
h.  Non Disclosure or Misrepresentation:  
i.  If at the time of issuance of Policy or during continuation of the Policy, the information provided 
to Us in the proposal form or otherwise, by You or the Insured Person or anyone acting on 
behalf of You or an Insured Person is found to be incorrect, incomplete, suppressed or not 
disclosed, wilfully or otherwise, the Policy shall be:  
  Cancelled ab initio from the inception date or the renewal date (as the case may be), or 
the Policy may be modified by Us,  at our sole discretion, upon 15 day notice by 
sending an endorsement to Your address shown in the Schedule and  
  The claim under such Policy if any, shall be rejected/repudiated forthwith. 
 
ii.  We may also exercise any of the below listed options for the purpose of continuing the health 
insurance coverage in case of Non-Disclosure/Misrepresentation of Pre-existing diseases subject 
to your prior consent; 
 
a)  Permanently exclude the disease/condition and continue with the Policy 
b)  Incorporate additional waiting period of not exceeding 4 years for the said undisclosed 
disease  or  condition  from  the  date  the  non-disclosed  condition  was  detected  and 
continue with the Policy. 
c)   Levy underwriting loading from the first year of issuance of policy or renewal, whichever 
is later. 
 
The above options will not prejudice the rights of the Company to invoke cancellation under 
clause i above.  
 
i.  Endorsements 
This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. This Policy cannot be changed by anyone 
(including an insurance agent or broker) except Us. Any change that We make will be evidenced by 
a written endorsement signed and stamped by Us. 
j.  Change of Policyholder 
The Policyholder may be changed only at the time of renewal. The new policyholder must be a 
member of the Insured Person’s immediate family. Such change would be subject to Our 
acceptance and payment of premium (if any). The renewed Policy shall be treated as having 
been renewed without break. 
 
The Policyholder may be changed in case of his demise or him moving out of India during the 
Policy Period. 
 
k.  Notices 
Any notice, direction or instruction under this Policy shall be in writing and if it is to: 
i)  Any Insured Person, it would be sent to You at the address specified in Schedule / 
endorsement 
ii)  Us, shall be delivered to Our address specified in the Schedule. 
iii)  No insurance agents, brokers or other person/ entity is authorised to receive any notice on Our 
behalf.  
 
l.  Dispute Resolution Clause 
Any and all disputes or differences under or in relation to this Policy shall be determined by the 
Indian Courts and subject to Indian law. 
 
 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    29 | P age