HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
k.  Portability  
 
The Insured Person will have the option to port the Policy to other insurers by applying to such 
Insurer to port the entire policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days 
before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related 
to Portability. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without 
any  lapses  under  any  health  insurance  policy  with  an Indian  General/Health  insurer,  the 
proposed Insured Person will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI 
guidelines on portability. 
 
For Detailed Guidelines on Portability, kindly refer the link  
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987 
 
l.  Migration  
 The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy to other health insurance 
products/plans offered by the Company by applying for Migration of the policyatleast30 days 
before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently 
covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance 
product/plan offered by the Company, the Insured Person will get the accrued continuity 
benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. 
 
 For Detailed Guidelines on Migration, kindly refer the link 
 
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987 
 
m. Possibility of Revision of terms of the Policy including the Premium Rates 
 
The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the Policy 
including the premium rates. The Insured Person shall be notified three months before the 
changes are effected. 
 
n.  Withdrawal of Policy  
 
i.  In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the 
Insured Person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy.  
 
ii.  Insured  Person  will  have  the  option  to  migrate  to  similar  health  insurance  product 
available with the Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits 
such as Cumulative Bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the 
policy has been maintained without a break. 
 
o.  Nomination: 
The Policyholder is required at the inception of the Policy to make a nomination for the purpose of 
payment of claims under the Policy in the event of death of the Policyholder. Any change of nomination 
shall be communicated to the Company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an 
endorsement on the Policy is made. In the event of death of the Policyholder, the Company will pay the 
nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is 
no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal representatives of the Policyholder whose discharge 
shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under the Policy. 
p.   Premium Payment in Instalments 
 
If the Insured Person has opted for payment of Premium on an installment basis i.e. Half Yearly, 
Quarterly  or  Monthly,  as mentioned  in  the  Policy  Schedule,  the  following  Conditions  shall  apply 
(notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the Policy): 
 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    24 | P age