HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
Def. 6.  Commencement  Date  means  the  commencement  date  of  this  Policy  as  specified  in  the 
Schedule. 
 
Def. 7.  Dependents means only the family members listed below: 
i)  Your legally married spouse as long as she continues to be married to You; 
ii)  Your children / Grandchildren Aged between 91 days and 25 years if they are unmarried  
and  financially  dependent  with  no  independent  source  of  income.  Children  Aged  
between 1 to 90 Days can be covered if Newborn Baby Benefit is added by payment of 
additional premium subject to policy terms and conditions. 
iii)  Your natural parents or parents that have legally adopted You, provided that the parent was 
below 65 years at his initial participation in the Easy Health Policy,  
iv)  Your Parent -in-law as long as Your spouse continues to be married to You and  were below 
65 years at his initial participation in the Easy Health Policy 
v)  Your  Grandparents  provided  that  the  grandparent  were  below  65  years  at  his  initial 
participation in the Easy Health Policy,  
           All Dependent parents, Parent in laws, Grand Parents must be financially dependent on You. 
 
Def. 8.  Dependent Child means a child (natural or legally adopted), who is unmarried, Aged between 91 
days and 25 years, financially dependent on the primary Insured or Proposer and does not 
have his / her independent sources of income. Children Aged between 1 to 90 Days can be 
covered if Newborn Baby Benefit is added by payment of additional premium subject to policy 
terms and conditions. 
 
Def. 9.  Family Floater means a Policy described as such in the Schedule where under You and Your 
Dependents named in the Schedule are insured under this Policy as at the Commencement 
Date.  The Sum Insured for a Family Floater means the sum shown in the Schedule which 
represents Our maximum liability for any and all claims made by You and/or all of Your 
Dependents during the Policy Year. 
 
Def. 10.  Insured Person means You and the persons named in the Schedule. 
 
Def. 11.  Material Facts means all relevant information sought by the Company in the Proposal Form 
and other connected documents to enable it to take informed decision in the context of 
underwriting the risk. 
 
Def. 12.  Policy means Your statements in the proposal form (which are the basis of this Policy), this 
policy wording (including endorsements, if any), Annexure 1 and the Schedule (as the same may 
be amended from time to time).   
 
Def. 13.  Policy Period means the period between the Commencement Date and the Expiry Date 
specified in the Schedule. 
 
Def. 14.  Policy Year means a year following the Commencement Date and its subsequent annual 
anniversary.  
 
Def. 15.  Shared accommodation means a Hospital room with two or more patient beds. 
 
Def. 16.  Single occupancy or any higher accommodation type means a Hospital room with only one 
patient bed. 
 
Def. 17.  Sum Insured means the sum shown in the Schedule which represents Our maximum 
liability for each Insured Person for any and all benefits claimed for during the Policy Year. 
 
Def. 18.  TPA means the third party administrator that We appoint from time to time as specified in 
the Schedule. 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    8 | P age