HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
a) Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy 
commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, provided 
the same are covered. 
b) This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the insured person has continuous coverage for 
more than twelve months. 
c)  The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured in the 
event of granting higher sum insured subsequently.   
 
ii.  Specified disease/procedure waiting period – Code – Excl02 
a) Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be 
excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception 
of the first policy with us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an 
accident or underlying cause is cancer(s).  
b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of 
sum insured increase.  
c)  If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for pre-
existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply. 
d) The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the policy or 
declared and accepted without a specific exclusion. 
e) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the 
applicable norms on portability/migration stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the 
same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. 
f)  List of specific diseases/procedures: - 
 
Surgeries/ procedure (irrespective of 
Sl.  Organ / Organ  Illness/Diagnosis (irrespective of 
any illness / diagnosis other than 
No.  System  treatments medical or surgical) 
cancers) 
 Adenoidectomy 
 Mastoidectomy 
  Sinusitis 
 Tonsillectomy 
  Rhinitis 
 Tympanoplasty 
Ear, Nose, Throat    Tonsillitis 
a.     Surgery for nasal septum deviation  
(ENT)   
  Nasal concha resection  
 
 Nasal polypectomy 
 
 Surgery for Turbinate hypertrophy  
 
  Cysts, polyps including 
breast lumps 
Hysterectomy 
b.    Gynaecological    Polycystic ovarian 
 
disease 
  Fibroids (fibromyoma) 
  Non infective arthritis 
  Surgery for prolapsed inter vertebral 
  Gout and Rheumatism 
c.    Orthopaedic  disk 
  Osteoarthritis and 
  Joint replacement surgeries 
Osteoporosis 
  Calculus diseases of 
gall bladder including 
Cholecystitis  
  Pancreatitis 
  Cholecystectomy 
d.    Gastrointestinal    Fissure/fistula in anus, 
  Surgery of hernia 
hemorrhoids, pilonidal sinus 
  Ulcer and erosion of 
stomach and duodenum 
  Gastro Esophageal 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    16 | P age