HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
iii.  In case of admissible claim under the Policy, future instalment for the current Policy Year will 
be adjusted in the claim amount and no refund of any premium will be applicable during the 
Policy Year. 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be 
made in respect of Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or 
any benefit has been availed by the Insured Person under the Policy. 
 
ii)  The Company may cancel the policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation non-
disclosure of material facts, fraud by the insured person by giving 15 days’ written notice. 
There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of misrepresentation, 
non-disclosure of material facts or fraud. 
 
g.  Free Look Period 
The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on 
renewals or at the time of porting/migrating the Policy. 
 
The Insured Person shall be allowed free look period of fifteen days from date of receipt of the 
policy document to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not 
acceptable. 
 
If the Insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled 
to 
 
i.  a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical 
examination of the Insured Person and the stamp duty charges or 
ii.  where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the Policy is exercised by 
the Insured Person, a deduction towards the proportionate risk premium for period of cover 
or 
iii.  Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium 
commensurate with the insurance coverage during such period. 
 
h.  Disclosure of Information 
 
The policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the 
event of misrepresentation, mis description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the 
policyholder. 
 
i.  Complete Discharge 
 
Any payment to the Policyholder, Insured Person or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal 
representative or assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the 
Policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of claim by the Company to the extent of that 
amount for the particular claim. 
 
j.  Moratorium Period 
 
After completion of eight continuous years under the policy, no look back to be applied. This period 
of eight years is called as Moratorium Period. The moratorium would be applicable for the sums 
insured of the first policy and subsequently completion of 8 continuous years would be applicable 
from date of enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits. After the expiry of 
Moratorium Period no health insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven fraud and 
permanent exclusions specified in the policy contract. The policies would however be subject to all 
limits, sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the policy contract 
 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    23 | P age