HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
Any claims made under these benefits will be subject to In-patient Sum Insured and will impact eligibility 
for a Cumulative Bonus and Health Checkup These benefits are applicable based on the plan variant 
selected, as mentioned in the schedule of benefits. 
 
  a.  Daily Cash for Accompanying an Insured  1.  Daily  Cash  Benefit  for  days  of  admission  and 
Child  discharge 
 If the Insured Person Hospitalised is a  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 1a). 
child Aged 12 years or less,  daily cash 
amount will be payable as mentioned in 
schedule of Benefits for 1 accompanying 
adult  for  each  complete  period  of  24 
hours  if  Hospitalisation  exceeds  72 
hours. 
  b.  Newborn baby   1.  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 3a) i.e. 
Medical  Expenses  for  any  medically  Maternity Expenses     
necessary  treatment  described  at  1)a)  2.  Claims  other  than  those  available  in  Section  B-1, 
while the Insured Person (the Newborn  Section C-1,2,3 
baby) is Hospitalised during the Policy 
Period  as  an  inpatient  provided  a   
proposal  form  is  submitted    for  the 
insurance of the newborn baby within 90  
days  after  the  birth,  and  We  have 
accepted  the  same  and  received  the 
premium sought.  
Under  this  benefit,  Coverage  for 
newborn baby will incept from the date, 
the premium has been received. 
 
 
The coverage is subject to the policy 
exclusions, terms and conditions.  
 
This  Benefit  is  applicable  if  Maternity 
benefit is opted and  We have accepted 
a maternity claim under this Policy. 
 
  c.  Recovery Benefit   1.  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 1a). 
Lumpsum  amount  will  be  payable  as 
mentioned in schedule of Benefits if the 
Insured  Person  is  Hospitalised  as  an 
inpatient  beyond  10  consecutive  and 
continuous days 
This  benefit  is  payable  only  once  per 
Illness/Accident per Policy Year. 
  d.  Emergency Air Ambulance Cover  1.  Claims  which  have  NOT  been  admitted  under 
We  will  pay  for  ambulance  Inpatient Treatment or Day Care Procedures. 
transportation  in  an  airplane  or  2.  Expenses  incurred  in  return  transportation  to  the 
helicopter  subject  to  maximum  limit  insured’s home by air ambulance is excluded. 
prescribed  in  d(i)  ,  for  emergency  life 
threatening  health  conditions  which 
require immediate and rapid ambulance 
transportation to the  hospital/medical 
centre  that  ground  transportation 
cannot provide subject to: 
•  Necessary  medical  treatment  not 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    11 | P age