HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Def. 19.  We/Our/Us means the HDFC ERGO General Insurance Limited. 
 
Def. 20.  You/Your/Policyholder means the person named in the Schedule who has concluded this 
Policy with Us. 
 
Section B. Benefits 
 
IMPORTANT: Any claims made under these benefits will impact eligibility for Cumulative Bonus, and 
Health Checkup. 
 
  We will cover the Medical Expenses for:  We will not cover treatment, costs or expenses for*: 
*The following exclusions apply in addition to the waiting 
periods and general exclusions specified in Section C-1,2,3 
In  addition  to  the  waiting  periods  (Section  C-1)  and 
general exclusions (Section C-2&3), We will also not cover 
expenses 
1.  Inpatient Benefits: This section of benefits is applicable when 
 
•  An insured suffers an Accident or Illness, which is covered under this Policy 
•  Hospitalisation is necessary & is done for treatment OR 
•  Day care treatment is necessary and is done OR 
•  Domiciliary treatment is necessary and is done 
1  a.  In-Patient Treatment    If as per any or all of the Medical references herein 
  below  containing  guidelines  and  protocols  for 
This includes  Evidence Based Medicines, the Hospitalisation for 
•  Hospital room rent or boarding;  treatment under claim is not necessary or the stay 
•  Nursing;  at the hospital is found unduly long:   
•  Intensive Care Unit   
•  Medical Practitioners (Fees)    Medical text books,  
•  Anesthesia    Standard treatment guidelines as stated in 
•  Blood  clinical establishment act of Government of 
•  Oxygen  India,  
•  Operation theatre    World  Health  Organisation  (WHO) 
•  Surgical appliances;  protocols,  
•  Medicines, drugs &  consumables;    Published  guidelines  by  healthcare 
•  Diagnostic procedures.  providers, 
  Guidelines  set  by  medical  societies  like 
cardiological society of India, neurological 
society of India etc. 
 
  b. Pre-Hospitalization Medical Expenses for  1.  Claims which have NOT been admitted under 1a), 1d) 
consultations, investigations and medicines  and 1e) 
incurred upto 60 days before the date of  2.  Expenses  not  related  to  the  admission  and  not 
admission to the Hospital (Inpatient or Day  incidental to the treatment for which the admission 
Care or Domiciliary treatment)  has taken place 
c.  Post-Hospitalization Medical Expenses for 
consultations,  investigations  and 
medicines  incurred  upto  90  days  after 
discharge from Hospitalisation (Inpatient 
or Day Care or Domiciliary treatment). 
  d. Day Care Procedures   1.  Treatment that can be and is usually taken on an Out-
Medical  treatment  or  surgical  procedure  Patient   basis is not covered 
which is undertaken under general or local  2.  Treatment a NOT taken at a Hospital 
anaesthesia,  which  require  admission  in  a 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    9 | P age