HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
  The diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner and evidenced 
by typical clinical symptoms as well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain.  
    Evidence of permanent neurological deficit lasting for atleast 3 months has to be 
produced.  
    The following are excluded:  
  Transient ischemic attacks (TIA) 
  Traumatic injury of the brain 
  Vascular diseases affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions 
 
Def. 11.  Day Care centre means any institution established for day care treatment of illness and/or 
injuries or a medical setup within a hospital and which has been registered with the local 
authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a registered and qualified 
medical practitioner AND must comply with all minimum criteria as under— 
-has qualified nursing staff under its employment; 
-has  qualified medical practitioner/s in charge; 
-has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out; 
-maintains daily records of patients and will make these accessible to the insurance company’s 
authorized personnel 
 
Def. 12.  Day Care Procedures means those medical treatment, and/or surgical procedure  
i.  which is undertaken under General or Local Anaesthesia in a Hospital/day care centre 
in less than 24 hours because of technological advancement,   
ii.  which would have otherwise required a Hospitalisation of more than 24 hours. 
Treatment normally taken on an Out-patient basis is not included in the scope of this definition 
 
Def. 13.  Deductible means a cost-sharing requirement under a health insurance policy that provides 
that the insurer will not be liable for a specified rupee amount in case of indemnity policies and 
for a specified number of days/hours in case of hospital cash policies which will apply before 
any benefits are payable by the insurer. A deductible does not reduce the Sum Insured. 
 
Def. 14.  Dental treatment means a treatment related to teeth or structures supporting teeth 
including examinations, filings (where appropriate), crowns, extractions and surgery.   
 
Def. 15.  Domiciliary Hospitalisation means medical treatment for an illness/disease/injury which in 
the normal course would require a care and treatment at a Hospital but is actually taken while 
confined at home under any of the following circumstances: 
-  The condition of the patient is such that he/she is not in a condition to be removed to a 
hospital, or 
-  The patient takes treatment at home on account of non-availability of a room in a 
hospital  
   
Def. 16.  Disclosure of information norm means the policy shall be void and all premiums paid hereon 
shall be forfeited to the Company, in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-
disclosure of any material fact. 
 
Def. 17.  Emergency Care means management for a severe illness or injury which results in symptoms 
which  occur  suddenly  and  unexpectedly,  and  requires  immediate  care  by  a  medical 
practitioner to prevent death or serious long term impairment of the insured person’s health. 
Def. 18.  Grace Period means the specified period of time immediately following the premium due date 
during which a payment can be made to renew or continue a Policy in force without loss of 
continuity benefits such as waiting periods and coverage of Pre-Existing Diseases. Coverage is 
not available for the period for which no premium is received. 
 
Def. 19.  Hospital means any institution established for in-patient care and day care treatment of 
illness and/or injuries and which has been registered as a hospital with the local authorities 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    4 | P age