HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
under  the  Clinical  Establishments  (Registration  and  Regulation)  Act,  2010  or  under  the 
enactments specified under the Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act OR complies with all 
minimum criteria as under:  
  has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock, 
  has at least 10 in-patient beds, in those towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 
and 15 in-patient beds in all other places,  
  has qualified Medical Practitioner(s) in charge round the clock,  
  has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out, 
  maintains  daily  records  of  patients  and  will  make  these  accessible  to  the  insurance 
company’s authorized personnel.  
 
Def. 20.  Hospitalisation  or  Hospitalised  means  admission  in  a  Hospital  for  a  minimum  of  24 
consecutive ‘In-patient Care’ hours except for specified procedures / treatments, where such 
admission could be for a period of less than 24 consecutive hours. 
 
Def. 21.  Illness means  a  sickness  or  a  disease  or  pathological  condition  leading  to  the 
impairment of normal physiological function which manifests itself during the Policy Period and 
requires medical treatment 
a)  Acute Condition- Acute condition is a disease, illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to 
treatment which aims to return the person to his or her state of health immediately before 
suffering the disease/illness/injury which leads to full recovery. 
b)  Chronic Condition- A chronic condition is defined as disease, illness, or injury that has one or 
more o f the following characteristics:  
- it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-ups, and 
/ or tests 
—it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms 
— it requires your rehabilitation or for you to be specially trained to cope with it 
—it continues indefinitely 
—it recurs or is likely to recur 
 
Def. 22.  Injury means accidental physical bodily harm excluding illness or disease solely and directly 
caused by external, violent and visible and evident means which is verified and certified by a 
Medical Practitioner. 
 
Def. 23.  In-patient Care means treatment for which the Insured Person has to stay in a Hospital for 
more than 24 hours for a covered event. 
 
Def. 24.  Maternity expenses means 
i.  medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries 
and caesarean sections during hospitalization); 
ii.  expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy Period. 
 
Def. 25.  Medical Advise means any consultation or advise from a Medical Practitioner including the 
issuance of any prescription or follow up prescription. 
 
Def. 26.  Medical Expenses means those expenses that an Insured Person has necessarily and actually 
incurred for medical treatment on account of illness or Accident on the advice of a Medical 
Practitioner, as long as these are no more than would have been payable if the Insured Person 
had not been insured and no more than other Hospitals or doctors in the same locality would 
have charged for the same medical treatment.  
 
Def. 27.  Medically Necessary means any treatment, test, medication, or stay in Hospital or part of 
stay in Hospital which 
  Is required for the medical management of the Illness or injury suffered by the Insured 
Person; 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    5 | P age