HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
i.  If any planned treatment,  Network Hospital   We will provide  At least 48 hours before 
consultation or  cashless service  the planned treatment 
procedure for which a  by making  or hospitalisation.  
claim may be made:  payment to the 
extent of Our 
liability directly 
to the Network 
Hospital. 
ii.  If Any treatment,  Network Hospital  We will provide  Within 24 hours after 
consultation or  cashless service  the treatment or 
procedure for which a  by making  Hospitalisation.  
claim may be made taken  payment to the 
in an Emergency:  extent of Our 
liability directly 
to the Network 
Hospital. 
 
f.  Supporting Documentation & Examination 
 
The  Insured  Person  or  someone  claiming  on  your  behalf  shall  provide  Us  with  any 
documentation,  medical  records  and  information  We  A  may  request  to  establish  the 
circumstances of the claim, its quantum or Our liability for the claim within 15 days of the 
earlier of Our request or the Insured Person’s discharge from Hospitalisation or completion of 
treatment. The Company may accept claims where documents have been provided after a 
delayed interval only in special circumstances and for the reasons beyond the control of the 
insured. Such documentation will include but is not limited to the following: 
 
i)  Our claim form, duly completed and signed for on behalf of the Insured Person. 
ii)  Original  bills  (including  but  not  limited  to  pharmacy  purchase  bill,  consultation  bill, 
diagnostic bill and any attachments thereto like receipts or prescriptions in support of any 
amount claimed which will then become Our property. 
iii)  All reports and records, including but not limited to all medical reports, case histories/indoor 
case papers, investigation reports, treatment papers, discharge summaries 
iv)  A precise diagnosis of the treatment for which a claim is made. 
v)  A detailed list of the individual medical services and treatments provided and a unit price for 
each.  
vi)  Prescriptions that name the Insured Person and in the case of drugs: the drugs prescribed, 
their price and a receipt for payment. Prescriptions must be submitted with the corresponding 
Medical Practitioner’s invoice 
vii)  All pre and post investigation, treatment and follow up (consultation) records pertaining to the 
present ailment for which claim is being made 
viii) All investigation, treatment and follow up records pertaining to the past ailment(s) since their 
first diagnoses or detection 
ix)  Treating doctors certificate regarding missing information in case histories e.g. Circumstance of 
injury and Alcohol or drug influence at the time of accident 
x)  Copy of settlement letter from other insurance company or TPA 
xi)  Stickers and invoice of implants used during surgery 
xii)  Copy of MLC (Medico legal case) records and FIR (First information report), in case of claims 
arising out of an accident 
xiii) Regulatory requirements as amended from time to time, currently mandatory NEFT (to enable 
direct  credit  of  claim  amount  in  bank  account)  and  KYC  (recent  ID/Address  proof  and 
photograph) requirements 
xiv) Legal heir certificate 
g.  The Insured Person will have to undergo medical examination by Our authorised Medical 
Practitioner, as and when We may reasonably require, to obtain an independent opinion for the 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    28 | P age