HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
i. In case of multiple policies taken by an Insured Person during a period from one or more 
insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the Insured Person shall have the right to require a 
settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of his/her policies. In all such cases the Insurer 
chosen by the Insured Person shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim is within 
the limits of and according to the terms of the chosen Policy. 
ii. Insured Person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this 
Policy for the amounts disallowed under any other policy / policies even if the Sum Insured is 
not exhausted. Then the insurer shall independently settle the claim subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Policy. 
iii. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the Sum Insured under a single Policy, the Insured Person 
shall have the right to choose Insurer from whom he/she wants to claim the balance amount. 
iv. Where an Insured Person has policies from more than one Insurer to cover the same risk on 
indemnity  basis,  the  Insured  Person  shall  only  be  indemnified  the  treatment  costs  in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen Policy. 
 
e.  Renewal of Policy 
The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the 
insured person. 
 
i.  The Company shall endeavor to give notice for Renewal. However, the Company is not 
under obligation to give any notice for Renewal. 
ii.  Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the Insured Person had made a claim or 
claims in the preceding policy years. 
iii.  Request for Renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before 
the end of the policy period. 
iv.  At the end of the policy period, the Policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the 
Grace Period to maintain continuity of benefits without Break in Policy. Coverage is not 
available during the Grace Period. 
v.  No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience. 
 
f.  Cancellation  
i)  The Policyholder may cancel this policy by giving 15days’ written notice and in such an 
event, the Company shall refund premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed 
below.  
 
 
1 Year Policy Period  2 Year Policy Period 
Length of time Policy in  %  of  premium  Length of time Policy in  %  of  premium 
force  refunded  force  refunded 
Upto 1 Month  75.00%  Upto 1 Month  87.50% 
Upto 3 Months  50.00%  Upto 3 Months  75.00% 
Upto 6 Months  25.00%  Upto 6 Months  62.50% 
Exceeding 6 Months  Nil  Upto 12 Months  48.00% 
    Upto 15 Months  25.00% 
    Upto 18 Months  12.00% 
    Exceeding 18 Months  Nil 
 
For Policies where premium is paid by instalment, the following additional conditions will be applicable: 
i. Where yearly payment option is in force under the Policy, cancellation grid as per 1-Year Tenure 
policies will be applicable. 
ii. For all other payment options, 50% of current instalment premium will be refunded when the 
current period elapsed is less than 6 months from the commencement of the Policy Year. For 
instalment after 6 months, no refund will be payable. 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    22 | P age