HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
establish the circumstances of the claim, its quantum or Our liability for it, and unless the 
Insured Person has complied with his obligations under this Policy. 
  
vi)  We will only make payment to You under this Policy. Receipt of payment by You shall be 
considered as a complete discharge of Our liability against any claim under this Policy. In the 
event of Your death, We will make payment to the Nominee (as named in the Schedule). 
vii)  The assignment of benefits of the policy shall be subject to applicable law.  
 
viii) Cashless service: If any treatment, consultation or procedure for which a claim may be 
made is to be taken at a Network Hospital, then We will provide a cashless service by 
making payment to the extent of Our liability direct to the Network Hospital as long as We 
are given notice that the Insured Person wishes to take advantage of a cashless service 
accompanied  by  full  particulars  at  least  48  hours  before  any  planned  treatment  or 
Hospitalisation or within 24 hours after the treatment or Hospitalisation in the case of an 
emergency. 
 
 
ix)  Healthcare Advisory Benefit: We may suggest alternate Network Provider in specific cases 
of surgical or medical treatment, should the Insured member accept and utilize one of the 
alternatives suggested he would be eligible for a lump sum benefit of Rs 5000. 
Please note: The acceptance of our recommendation is not obligatory on the Insured 
member and We are not liable for any outcome of the treatment conducted at the network 
centre. 
 
c.  Fraud  
If any claim made by the Insured Person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, 
or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are 
used by the Insured Person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this 
Policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited. 
 
Any amount already paid against claims made under this Policy but which are found fraudulent 
later shall be repaid by all recipient(s)/policyholder(s), who have made that particular claim, 
who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the Insurer. 
 
For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed 
by the Insured Person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of 
the Insured Person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an 
insurance policy: 
a)  the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the Insured 
Person does not believe to be true; 
b)  the active concealment of a fact by the Insured Person having knowledge or 
belief of the fact; 
c)  any other act fitted to deceive; and 
d)  any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent 
 
The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the Policy benefits on the ground of 
Fraud, if the Insured Person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best 
of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such 
misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the Insurer.  
 
d.  Multiple Policies  
 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    21 | P age