HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
waiver of waiting period. provided the policy has been maintained without a break as per 
portability/migration guidelines.  
 
 
If an Insured Person dies, he will cease to be an Insured Person upon Us receiving all relevant 
particulars in this regard. We will return a rateable part of the premium received for such person IF 
AND ONLY IF there are no claims in respect of that Insured Person under the Policy. 
 
 
c.  Loadings & Discounts 
We may apply a risk loading on the premium payable (based upon the declarations made in the 
proposal form and the health status of the persons proposed for insurance). The maximum risk 
loading applicable for an individual shall not exceed above 100% per diagnosis / medical condition 
and  an  overall  risk  loading  of  over  150%  per  person.   These  loadings  are  applied  from 
Commencement Date of the Policy including subsequent renewal(s) with Us or on the receipt of the 
request of increase in Sum Insured (for the increased Sum Insured).  
 
We will inform You about the applicable risk loading through a counter offer letter. You need to 
revert to Us with consent and additional premium (if any), within 7 days of the receipt of such 
counter offer letter. In case, you neither accept the counter offer nor revert to Us within 7days, We 
shall cancel Your application and refund the premium paid within next 7 days.  
 
Please note that We will issue Policy only after getting Your consent and additional premium (if 
any). Please visit our nearest branch to refer our underwriting guidelines if required. 
 
   
We will provide a Family Discount of 5% if 2 members are covered and 10% if 3 or more family 
members are covered under a single Easy Health Individual Health Insurance Plan. An additional 
discount of 7.5% will be provided if insured person is paying two year premium, in advance as a 
single premium. These discounts shall be applicable at inception and renewal of the policy 
 
 
 
 
 
d.  Notification of Claim   
  Treatment, Consultation or Procedure:  We must be notified: 
i.  If any treatment for which a claim may be made is to  Immediately and in any event at least 48 hours 
be taken and that treatment requires  prior to the Insured Person’s admission. 
Hospitalisation: 
ii.   If any treatment for which a claim may be made is  Within 24 hours of the start of the Insured 
to be taken and  that treatment  requires  Person’s Hospitalisation. 
Hospitalisation in an Emergency: 
iii.  For all benefits which are contingent on Our prior  Within 7 days of the Insured Person’s discharge 
acceptance of a claim under Section B-1)a):  post-hospitalisation. 
 
e.  Cashless Service: 
 
  Treatment, Consultation  Treatment,  Cashless Service  We must be given 
or Procedure:  Consultation or  is Available:  notice that the Insured 
Procedure Taken  Person wishes to take 
at:  advantage of the 
cashless service 
accompanied by full 
particulars. 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    27 | P age