HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Def. 39.  Qualified Nurse is a person who holds a valid registration from the nursing council of India 
or the nursing council of any state in India 
 
Def. 40.  Reasonable & Customary Charges means the charges for services or supplies, which are the 
standard 
charges for a specific provider and consistent with the prevailing charges in the geographical 
area for identical or similar services, taking into account the nature of illness/ injury involved. 
 
Def. 41.  Room Rent means the amount charged by a hospital towards room and boarding expenses 
and shall include associated medical expenses. 
 
Def. 42.  Renewal means the terms on which the contract of insurance can be renewed on mutual 
consent with a provision of grace period for treating the renewal continuous for the purpose of 
gaining credit for pre-existing diseases, time bound exclusions and for all waiting periods. 
 
Def. 43.  Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and/or operative procedure(s) required for 
treatment of an Illness or injury, correction of deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of 
diseases, relief of suffering or prolongation of life, performed in a Hospital or day care centre by 
a Medical Practitioner. 
 
Def. 44.  Unproven/Experimental treatment means treatment including drug experimental therapy 
which is not based on established medical practice in India, is treatment experimental or 
unproven. 
 
Def. 45.  Intensive Care Unit means an identified section, ward or wing of a Hospital which is under 
the constant supervision of a dedicated Medical Practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped 
for the continuous monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a critical condition, or 
require life support facilities and where the level of care and supervision is considerably more 
sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards.   
 
Def. 46.  ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU 
expenses which shall include the coverage for bed, general medical support services provided to 
any ICU patient including monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges. 
 
2.  Specific Definitions 
Def. 1.  Adventurous/Hazardous Sports means any sport or activity involving physical exertion and skill 
in which an Insured Person  participates or competes for entertainment or as part of his 
Profession whether he / she is trained or not.  
 
Def. 2.  Age or Aged means completed years as at the Commencement Date.  
 
Def. 3.  Alternative  treatments  means  forms  of  treatments  other  than  treatment  "Allopathy"  or 
"modern medicine"  and includes Ayurveda, Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy in the Indian context 
 
Def. 4.  AYUSH Treatment refers to hospitalisation treatments given under Ayurveda, Yoga and 
Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy systems. 
 
Def. 5.  Bank Rate means the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at the beginning of the 
financial year in which claim has fallen due. 
 
Contribution means essentially the right of an insurer to call upon other insurers liable to the 
same insured to share the cost of an indemnity claim on a rateable proportion of Sum Insured. 
This clause shall not apply to any Benefit offered on fixed benefit basis. 
 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    7 | P age