HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
Reflux Disorder (GERD) 
  All forms of cirrhosis 
(Please Note: All forms of 
cirrhosis due to alcohol will be 
excluded) 
  Perineal Abscesses 
  Perianal  Abscesses 
  Calculus diseases of 
Urogenital system Example: 
  Surgery on prostate 
Kidney stone, Urinary bladder 
e.    Urogenital    Surgery for Hydrocele/ 
stone. 
Rectocele 
  Benign Hyperplasia of 
prostate 
  Cataract 
f.    Eye    NIL 
 
  Surgery of varicose veins and 
g.    Others    NIL 
varicose ulcers 
General  
( Applicable to all 
organ    Internal tumours, 
h.    systems/organs/ cysts, nodules, polyps, skin    NIL 
disciplines   tumours  
whether or not 
described above) 
  
 
 
iii.  Pre-Existing Diseases – Code – Excl01 
a) Expenses  related  to  the  treatment  of  a  pre-existing  disease  (PED)  and  its  direct 
complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after 
the date of inception of the first policy with insurer.  
b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of 
sum insured increase. 
c)  If the insured person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the 
portability/migration  norms  of  the  extant  IRDAI  (Health  Insurance)  Regulations,  then 
waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. 
d) Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 36 months for any pre-existing disease is 
subject to the same being declared at the time of application and accepted by insurer. 
 
 
2.  Standard General exclusions 
 
We will not pay for any claim which is caused by, arising from or attributable to: 
Non Medical Exclusions  1) Breach of law: Code – Excl10 
  Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any 
Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law 
with criminal intent.  
2) Hazardous or Adventure sports: Code – Excl09 
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation 
as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports, including but not 
limited  to,  para-jumping,  rock  climbing,  mountaineering,  rafting, 
motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, 
deep-sea diving. 
 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    17 | P age