HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
and organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioner 
as part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure. Code – Excl14 
13)  Maternity( except to the extent provided for under Section 
B.1.3.a)):Code – Excl18 
i. Medical  treatment  expenses  traceable  to  childbirth  (including 
complicated  deliveries  and  caesarean  sections  incurred  during 
hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy;  
ii. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and 
lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy period. 
14)  Sterility and Infertility: Code – Excl17 
Expenses related to  sterility and infertility. This includes: 
i. Any type of contraception, sterilization 
ii. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination 
and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, 
ICSI 
iii. Gestational Surrogacy 
iv. Reversal of sterilization 
15)  Excluded Providers: Code – Excl11 
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any 
Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded by 
the Insurer and disclosed in its website / notified to the 
policyholders are not admissible.  However, in case of life 
threatening situations or following an accident, expenses up to the 
stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim.  
 
3.  Specific Exclusions 
Non Medical Exclusions  1)  Treatment arising from or consequent upon war or any act of 
  war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, (whether war be declared 
or not or caused during service in the armed forces of any 
country),  civil  war,  public  defence,  rebellion,  revolution, 
insurrection,  military  or  usurped  acts,  nuclear 
weapons/materials,  chemical  and  biological  weapons, 
radiation of any kind. 
2)  Intentional  self  injury  or  attempted  suicide  while  sane  or 
insane. 
3)  Any Insured Person’s participation or involvement in naval, 
military or air force operation. 
 
Medical Exclusions  4) Prosthetic and other devices which are self-detachable/removable 
without surgery involving anaesthesia 
5) Treatment availed outside India.  
6) Treatment at a healthcare facility that is not a Hospital 
7) Circumcisions (unless necessitated by Illness or injury and forming 
part of treatment) 
8) Non allopathic treatment except to the extent provided for under 
Section B.1.1.h). 
9) Conditions  for  which  treatment  could  have  been  done  on  an 
outpatient basis without any Hospitalization. 
10)  Preventive care, vaccination including inoculation and 
immunisations (except in case of post-bite treatment)  
11)  Provision or fitting of hearing aids, spectacles or contact lenses 
including optometric therapy, any treatment and associated 
expenses for alopecia, baldness, wigs, or toupees, medical supplies 
including elastic stockings, diabetic test strips 
12)   Sleep apnoea. 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    19 | P age