HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
Insured as a lump sum in addition to Our  commencement of the Policy Period and the Insured 
payment under 1)a), provided that:  Person has not previously been insured continuously 
  and without interruption under an Easy Health Policy. 
i.  The Insured Person is first diagnosed as  2.  The Insured Person has already made a claim for the 
suffering from a Critical Illness during  same Critical Illness.  
the Policy Period, and  3.  A claim for this benefit has already been made 3 
ii.  The Insured Person survives for at least  times  under  this  Policy  or  any  other  Easy  Health 
30 days following such diagnosis.  policy issued by Us. 
.    
iii.   “Critical Illness” includes Cancer, Open   
Chest CABG, First Heart Attack, Kidney 
Failure, Major Organ/Bone Marrow 
Transplant, Multiple Sclerosis, 
Permanent Paralysis of Limbs and 
Stroke. 
Note: Critical Illness (Optional benefit) 
is always provided on an individual Sum 
Insured basis irrespective of whether 
policy is issued on an individual or 
floater sum inured basis. 
 
 
 
 
5.  Renewal Benefits:  
 
5.1. Cumulative Bonus 
a)  A 10% cumulative bonus will be applied on the Sum Insured for next policy year  under the Policy after 
every CLAIM FREE Policy Year, provided that  the Policy is renewed with Us and without a break. The maximum 
cumulative bonus shall not exceed 100% of the Sum Insured in any Policy Year. 
 
b)  In relation to a Family Floater, the cumulative bonus so applied will only be available in respect of 
claims made by those Insured Persons who were Insured Persons in the claim free Policy Year and continue to be 
Insured Persons in the subsequent Policy Year.  
 
c)  If a cumulative bonus has been applied and a claim is made, then in the subsequent Policy Year We will 
automatically decrease the cumulative bonus by 10% of the Sum Insured in that following Policy Year. There will 
be no impact on the Inpatient Sum Insured, only the accrued cumulative bonus will be decreased. 
 
d)  If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered on individual basis and thus have accumulated 
the no claim bonus for each member in the expiring policy, and such expiring policy is renewed with Us on a 
Family Floater basis, then the no claim bonus to be carried forward for credit in the Policy would be the least no 
claim bonus amongst all the Insured Persons.   
 
e)  Portability/migration benefit will be offered to the extent of sum of previous sum insured and accrued 
cumulative bonus (if opted for), portability/migration benefit shall not apply to any other additional increased 
sum insured. 
 
f)  In policies with a two year Policy Period, the application of above guidelines of Cumulative Bonus shall 
be post completion of each policy year. 
 
5.2. Stay Active 
 
We will offer a discount at each renewal if the insured member achieves the average step count target 
on the mobile application provided by Us in the specified time interval (calculated from the policy risk 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    13 | P age