HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
  The first occurrence of myocardial infarction which means the death of a portion of the 
heart muscle as a result of inadequate blood supply to the relevant area.  
    The diagnosis for this will be evidenced by all of the following criteria: 
  A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis of Acute 
Myocardial Infarction (for e.g. typical chest pain). 
  New characteristic electrocardiogram changes. 
  Elevation  of  infarction  specific  enzymes,  Troponins  or  other  specific 
biochemical markers.  
      The following are excluded:  
  Non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) with elevation of 
Troponin I or T. 
  Other acute Coronary Syndromes.  
  Any type of angina pectoris 
 
iv)  Kidney Failure requiring Regular Dialysis: 
  End stage renal disease presented as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to 
function, as a result of which either regular renal dialysis (haemodialysis or peritoneal 
dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is carried out.  
    The diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner  
 
v)  Major Organ/ Bone Marrow Transplant: 
    The actual undergoing of a transplant of: 
  One of the following human organs - heart, lung, liver, pancreas, kidney, that 
resulted from irreversible end-stage failure of the relevant organ or; 
  Human bone marrow using hematopoietic stem cells.  
 
  The undergoing of a transplant must be confirmed by specialist medical practitioner.  
    The following are excluded:  
  Other Stem-cell transplants 
  Where only islets of Langerhans are transplanted 
 
vi)  Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms: 
  The definite occurrence of Multiple Sclerosis.The diagnosis must be supported by all of 
the following:  
  Investigation  including  typical  MRI  and  CSF  findings,  which  unequivocally 
confirm the diagnosis to be multiple Sclerosis. 
  There must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory function, which 
must have persisted for a continuous period of at least 6 months.  
  Well documented clinical history of exacerbations and remissions of said 
symptoms or neurological deficits with at least two clinically documented 
episodes at least 1 month apart. 
    Excluded is:  
  Other causes of neurological damage such as SLE and HIV are excluded 
vii)  Permanent Paralysis of Limbs: 
  Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of 
the brain or spinal cord. A specialist Medical Practitioner (Physician / Neurologist) must 
be of the opinion that paralysis will be permanent with no hope of recovery and must 
be present for more than 3 months. . 
     
 
viii) Stroke resulting in Permanent Symptoms: 
  Any  cerebrovascular  incident  producing  permanent  neurological  sequelae.  This 
includes infarction of brain tissue, thrombosis in an intra-cranial vessel, haemorrhage 
and embolisation from an extracranial source.  
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    3 | P age