HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
conditions, are directly made to the network provider  by the insurer to the extent pre-
authorization approved. 
 
Def. 6.  Condition Precedent means a policy term or condition upon which the Insurer’s liability 
under the policy is conditional upon. 
 
Def. 7.  Congenital Anomaly refers to a condition(s) which is present since birth, and which is 
abnormal with reference to form, structure or position 
 
(a)   Internal Congenital Anomaly  - Congenital Anomaly which is not in the visible and 
accessible parts of the body 
(b)  External Congenital Anomaly-  Congenital Anomaly which is in the visible and 
accessible parts of the body 
 
Def. 8.  Co-payment  means  a  cost-sharing  requirement  under  a  health  insurance  policy  that 
provides that the policyholder/insured will bear a specified percentage of the admissible claim 
amount. A co-payment does not reduce the Sum Insured. 
  
Def. 9.  Cumulative Bonus means any increase in the Sum Insured granted by the insurer without 
an associated increase in premium. 
 
Def. 10.  Critical Illness means Cancer of specified severity, Open Chest CABG, First Heart Attack of 
specified  severity,  Kidney  Failure  requiring  regular  dialysis,  Major  Organ/Bone  Marrow 
Transplant, Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms, Permanent Paralysis of Limbs, Stroke 
resulting in Permanent Symptoms as defined below only:   
 
i)  Cancer of specified severity: 
  A malignant tumour characterised by the uncontrolled growth & spread of malignant 
cells with invasion & destruction of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported 
by histological evidence of malignancy & confirmed by a pathologist. 
    The term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma.  
    The following are excluded:  
  Tumours showing the malignant changes of carcinoma in situ & tumours 
which are histologically described as pre-malignant or non-invasive, including 
but not limited to: Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1, CIN -
2 & CIN-3.  
  Any skin cancer other than invasive malignant melanoma  
  All tumours of the prostate unless histologically classified as having a Gleason 
score greater than 6 or having progressed to at least clinical TNM classification 
T2N0M0......... 
  Papillary micro - carcinoma of the thyroid less than 1 cm in diameter  
  Chronic lymphocyctic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3  
  Microcarcinoma of the bladder  
  All tumours in the presence of HIV infection. 
 
ii)  Open Chest CABG: 
  The actual undergoing of open chest surgery for the correction of one or more 
coronary arteries, which is/are narrowed or blocked, by coronary artery bypass graft 
(CABG). The Diagnosis must be supported by coronary angiography and realisation of 
the surgery has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner  
    The following are excluded:  
  Angioplasty and / or Any other intra-arterial procedures 
  Any Key-hole surgery or laser surgery 
 
iii)  First Heart Attack of Specified Severity: 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    2 | P age