HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
13)  Congenital external diseases, defects or anomalies 
14)  Expenses  incurred by the insured on organ donation 
15)  Treatment and supplies for analysis and adjustments of spinal 
subluxation, diagnosis and treatment by manipulation of the skeletal 
structure; muscle stimulation by any means except treatment of 
fractures (excluding hairline fractures) and dislocations of the 
mandible and extremities. 
16)  Dental treatment and surgery of any kind, unless requiring 
Hospitalisation  
17)  Any non medical expenses mentioned in List 1 of Annexure I  
18)  Treatment rendered by a Medical Practitioner which is outside 
his discipline or the discipline for which he is licensed. 
19)  Treatments rendered by a Medical Practitioner who is a 
member of the Insured Person’s family or stays with him, however 
proven material costs are eligible for reimbursement in accordance 
with the applicable cover. 
20)  Any treatment or part of a treatment that is not of a 
reasonable charge and not Medically Necessary.  
21)  Drugs or treatments which are not supported by a 
prescription. 
22)  Any specific time bound or lifetime exclusion(s) applied by Us 
and specified in the Schedule and accepted by the insured. 
23)  Admission for administration of Intra-articular or Intra-lesional 
injections, Supplementary medications like Zolendronic acid (Trade 
name Zometa, Reclast, etc.) or IV immunoglobulin infusion 
 
 
 
Section D. General Conditions 
 
1.  Standard General Conditions 
 
a.  Conditions Precedent to admissibility of Liability  
The terms and conditions of the Policy must be fulfilled by the Insured Person for the Company 
to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the Policy. 
 
 
b.  Claims Settlement (Provision for Penal Interest) 
i)  The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 30 days from the 
date of receipt of last necessary document. 
ii)  In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest 
to the Policyholder from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of 
payment of claim at a rate 2% above the Bank Rate. 
iii)  However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of 
the Company, it shall initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case 
not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document. In such cases, 
the Company shall settle or reject the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last 
necessary document. 
iv)  In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to 
the Policyholder at a rate 2% above the Bank Rate from the date of receipt of last 
necessary document to the date of payment of claim. 
v)  We shall be under no obligation to make any payment under this Policy unless We have 
received all premium payments in full in time and all payments have been realised and We 
have  been  provided  with  the  documentation  and  information  We  has  requested  to 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    20 | P age