HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited 
 
EASY HEALTH 
 
 
Preamble 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited will cover all Insured Persons under this Policy upto the 
Sum Insured. The insurance cover is governed by, and subject to, the terms, conditions and exclusions of 
this Policy. 
 
Section A. Other Important Terms You should know 
 
The terms defined below and at other junctures in the Policy Wording have the meanings ascribed to 
them wherever they appear in this Policy and, where appropriate, references to the singular include 
references to the plural; references to the male include the female and references to any statutory 
enactment include subsequent changes to the same: 
1.  Standard Definitions 
Def. 1.  Accident means a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and 
violent means. 
 
Def. 2.  Any one illness means continuous Period of illness and it includes relapse within 45 days 
from  the  date  of  last  consultation  with  the  Hospital/Nursing  Home  where treatment may 
have been taken. 
 
Def. 3.  AYUSH  HOSPITAL  means  an  AYUSH  Hospital  is  a  healthcare  facility  wherein 
medical/surgical/para-surgical  treatment  procedures  and  interventions  are  carried  out  by 
AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following: 
a. Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital; or 
b. Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by the  Central Government 
/Central Council of Indian Medicine/Central Council for Homeopathy; or 
c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located within-patient healthcare facility of any 
recognized  system  of  medicine,  registered  with  the  local  authorities,  wherever 
applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH Medical 
Practitioner and must comply with all the following criterion: 
i.  Having at least 5 in-patient beds; 
ii.  Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock; 
iii.  Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped 
operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out; 
iv.  Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the 
insurance company’s authorized representative. 
Def. 4.  AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary 
Health Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such health centre which is registered 
with the local authorities, wherever applicable and having facilities for carrying out treatment 
procedures and medical or surgical/para-surgical interventions or both under the supervision of 
registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) on day care basis without in-patient services and must 
comply with all the following criterion: 
i.  Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) in charge; 
ii.  Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation 
theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out; 
iii.  Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance 
company’s authorized representative. 
Def. 5.  Cashless facility means a facility extended by the insurer to the insured where the payments, 
of the costs of treatment undergone by the insured in accordance with the policy terms and 
 
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited. IRDAI Reg. No.146. CIN: U66030MH2007PLC177117. Registered & 
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, HDFC House, 165-166 Backbay Reclamation, H. T. Parekh Marg, Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 
020. Trade Logo displayed above belongs to HDFC Ltd and ERGO International AG and used by the Company under 
license. Easy Health UIN: HDFHLIP23024V072223 
    1 | P age