CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
Without prejudice to anything contained in this Policy, the Company shall not be liable to make any payment in 
respect of: 
 
1.  Any claim relating to events occurring before the commencement of the cover or otherwise outside of the 
period of insurance. 
2.  Any Pre-existing Condition and / or any complication arising from it 
a)  This policy is not designed to provide an indemnity with respect to medical services, the need for which 
arises out of a pre-existing condition as deﬁned in the policy in normal course of treatment. However in 
any of the threatening situation this exclusion shall not be applied and also that the cover will up to the 
limit shown under Life threatening condition / situation as deﬁned in this policy 
3.  Treatment if that is the sole reason or one of the reasons for the Insured/Insured Person’s temporary stay. 
4.  Any claim if the Insured/Insured Person: – 
a.  is travelling against the advice of a Medical Practitioner; 
b.  is receiving, or is on a waiting list to receive, speciﬁed medical treatment declared in the Medical 
Practitioner's report or certiﬁcate; 
c.  has received terminal prognosis for a medical condition; 
d.  is taking part in a naval, military or air force operation. 
5.  Deductibles as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule. 
6.  Diseases, illness and accidents that are results of war and warlike occurrence or invasion, acts of foreign 
enemies, hostilities, civil war, rebellion, insurrection, civil commotion assuming the proportions of or 
amounting  to  an  uprising,  military  or  usurped  power,  active  participation  in  riots,  conﬁscation  or 
nationalization or requisition of or destruction of or damage to property by or under the order of any 
government or local authority. 
7.  Congenital external diseases, defects or anomalies. 
8.  Any claim resulting or arising from or any consequential loss, directly caused by or contributed to or arising 
from: 
a.  Ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste 
from the combustion of nuclear fuel; or 
b.  The radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or 
nuclear component thereof. 
9.  Any claim arising out of sporting activities in so far as they involve the training or participation in 
competitions  of  professional  or  semi-professional  sports  persons,  Adventure  Sports  unless  declared 
beforehand and necessary additional premium paid 
10. No claim will be paid which arises from the insured Person engaging in Travel unless he or she travels as a 
passenger on a carrier properly licensed to carry passengers. For the purpose of this exclusion, Traveller 
means being in or on, or boarding a carrier for the purpose of travelling therein or alighting there from. 
11. Any claim arising out of diseases, illnesses or accidents that the Insured/Insured Person has caused 
intentionally or by committing a crime or as a result of drunkenness or addiction (drugs, alcohol).  
12. Medical Expenses in respect of Experimental, investigational or unproven treatments or treatments which 
are not consistent with or incidental to the diagnosis and treatment of the positive existence or presence of 
any Illness for which conﬁnement is required at a Hospital. Any Illness or treatment which is a result or a 
consequence of undergoing such experimental or unproven treatment 
13. Naturopathy treatment 
14. No claims will be paid for losses arising directly from manual work or hazardous occupation, self-exposure 
to peril or if engaging in any criminal or illegal act. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 14 of 101