CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
of premium will be given in case of extensions so invalidated. The Company will also not be liable to pay any 
claim ﬁled under the extended Policy. 
c.  The premium payable for the extension of the Policy during the trip duration shall be the premium payable 
for the overall trip duration (including the extension) less the initial premium already paid. 
d.  Provided further that for an Insured,  the maximum trip duration (including the extension as provided earlier) 
shall not exceed 365 days in total. 
 
5.  Premium Chargeable:  
The  premium  charged  shall  be  based  on  the  number  of  man  days  insured  in  each category at the 
commencement of the Policy Period, as declared by the Insured Person. Depending on the actual number of 
man days covered in the Policy Period in each category as at the last day of such Policy period, if the premium 
calculated on the actual number of man days shall diﬀer from the premium charged at the commencement 
of the Policy, then such diﬀerence shall be paid to the Company or refunded by the Company as the case may be. 
 
6.  Disclosure of Information: 
The policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of 
misrepresentation, mis description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the Insured/Insured Person. 
(Explanation: “Material facts” for the purpose of this policy shall mean all relevant information sought by the 
company in the proposal form and other connected documents to enable it to take informed decision in the 
context of underwriting the risk) 
II. CONDITIONS APPLICABLE DURING THE CONTRACT 
 
7.  Obligations of the Insured/ Insured Person: 
a)  Insured/ Insured Person shall provide to the Company or the Assistance Service Provider appointed by the 
Company, on demand any information that is required to determine the occurrence of the insurable event or 
the Company's liability to pay the beneﬁts. 
b)  If requested to do so by the Company or the Assistance Service Provider appointed by the Company, the 
Insured/ Insured Person is obliged to undergo a medical examination by a Medical Practitioner designated by 
the Assistance Service Provider. For the purpose of settlement of claims only. The cost towards the medical 
examination shall be borne by the Company. 
c)  The Company or the Assistance Service Provider appointed by the Company is authorized to take all measures 
which includes the Insured/ Insured Person's transportation back to his/her usual place of residence in India. 
The transportation of the Insured/ Insured person back to his/her usual place of residence in India shall be done 
only on agreement and conﬁrmation from the attending medical practitioner that the Insured/ Insured Person 
is capable of being transported to his/her usual place of residence in India with consent from Insured/Insured 
Persons. 
d)  The Company shall be released from any obligation to pay beneﬁts under this  Policy, if  any, of  the 
aforementioned obligations are breached by the Insured/ Insured Person. 
 
8.  Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability: 
The terms and Conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the Insured Person for the Company to make any 
payment for claim(s) arising under the policy. 
 
9.  Geography:  
This Policy applies to incidents anywhere in India while travelling. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 16 of 101