CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
forces personnel, artistes engaged in hazardous performances, aerial crop sprayer, Demolition contractor, explosives 
users,  Fisherman  (Seagoing,  Jockey,  Marine  Salvager,  Miner  and  other  occupations  underground,  nuclear 
installations, Off-shore oil or gas rig worker, professional sports person, roofing contractors and all construction, 
maintenance and repair workers at heights in excess of 50ft/15m, saw miller, scaffolder, ship crew, steeplejack, 
stevedore, structural steelworker, tower crane operator, tree feller. 
Hijack means any unlawful seizure or exercise of control, by force or violence or threat of force or violence and with 
wrongful intent, of the Common Carrier in which the Insured Person is travelling. 
Housebreaking means an act involving physical break-in and unauthorized and forcible entry into Insured Person's 
home in India, or any threat, with intent to commit crime. 
Immediate family member shall mean any member of the Insured Person's immediate family i.e the Insured 
Person's spouse, children, parents, parents in law, Children in law, sibling, partner or travelling companion. 
Inclement Weather means any severe catastrophic weather conditions which delay the scheduled arrival or 
departure of a Common Carrier but not including normal, seasonal/climatic weather changes. 
Insured/Insured Person means the person named in the Policy Schedule, who has a permanent place of residence in 
India and for whom the insurance is proposed and appropriate premium paid. It includes foreign travelers having 
traveler visa. 
Insured Event means an event, loss or damage specifically described as covered and for which the Insured Person is 
entitled to benefit/s under this Policy. 
Land/Sea Arrangements means pre-paid travel arrangements for a scheduled tour, trip or cruise included within the 
description of covered Trips on the Proposal/Enrollment and Declaration Form and arranged by a tour operator, travel 
agent, or other organization. 
Life threatening condition / situation” refers to a medical condition suﬀered by the Insured which has the following 
characteristics: 
i.  Markedly unstable vital parameters (blood pressure, pulse, temperature and respiratory rate). 
ii.  Acute impairment of one or more vital organ systems (involving brain, heart, lungs, Liver, Kidneys and pancreas). 
iii.  Critical care being provided, which involves high complexity decision making to assess, manipulate and support vital 
system function(s) to treat single or multiple vital organ failure(s) and requires interpretation of multiple physiological 
parameters and application of advanced technology. 
iv.  Critical care being provided in critical care area such as coronary care unit, intensive care unit, respiratory care unit, 
or the emergency department. 
Loss means loss or damage. 
Man days is a 24 hours’ period starting from midnight for an individual whilst travelling within the territorial 
boundaries of India. 
Master Policy Schedule/Policy Schedule means schedule attached to and forming part of this Policy, mentioning the 
details of the Proposer / Group Manager, the Sum Insured, Period and limits to which benefits under the policy 
would be payable. 
Multi trip means two or more trips to destinations of Republic of India during the Policy period. 
Natural Teeth means natural teeth that is unaltered or is fully restored to their normal function and is Disease-free, 
have no decay and are not more susceptible to Injury than unaltered natural teeth. 
Period of Insurance in respect of Single Trip Policy means the period from the commencement date of the insurance 
cover to the Risk end Date  as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule/certificate or on the date when the insured returns to 
his/her usual town of residence or the date of cancellation of the insurance, whichever is earlier 
Period of Insurance in respect of the Multi Trip/ Annual policy shall mean the period from Commencement of 
Insurance cover to the end of the insurance cover or full utilization of the maximum number of travel days per trip as 
mentioned in Policy Schedule/Certificate, or expiry of the Policy or cancellation of the insurance, whichever is earlier. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 6 of 101