CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
6.  The beneﬁt applicable under this Section shall be in addition to the beneﬁts applicable under optional 
cover-Personal Accident - Common Carrier for Accidental Death and Permanent Total Disability, if opted. 
 
Endorsement no.5 – DENTAL TREATMENT EXPENSES: 
a. Coverage 
The Policy shall reimburse to the Insured/Insured Person expenses incurred in respect of acute anesthetic treatment 
of a natural tooth or teeth during a trip as an Inpatient or as an out-patient arising from an accidental injury, but not 
exceeding the Sum Insured specified in the Policy Certificate. 
   
b. Specific Exclusions Applicable to Dental Treatment Expenses: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this benefit in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured / Insured Person for: 
 
1.  Treatment, which could reasonably be delayed until the Insured/ Insured Person's return. The question of 
what can or what cannot be reasonably delayed will be decided jointly by the treating Dentist and the 
Assistance Service Provider. 
2.  Treatment of orthopaedic, degenerative or oncological diseases, 
3.  Charges in excess of reasonable and customary charges as per the determination by the Assistance Service 
Provider. 
4.  Cementing or Fixation of tooth or teeth bridge/s. 
5.  Treatment relating to the removal of physical flaws or anomalies (cosmetic treatment or 'plastic' surgery in 
any form or manner). 
6.  Expenses incurred in connection with rest or recuperation at a spa, health resort, sanatorium, convalescence 
home, rehabilitation measures, private duty nursing, respite care, domiciliary care, and long- term nursing 
care, custodial care and treatment related alcoholism and drug dependency. 
7.  Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this Policy. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.6 – DAILY ALLOWANCE IN CASE OF HOSPITALISATION: 
 
a. Coverage 
The  Policy  will  pay  a  ﬁxed  daily  allowance  upto  a  maximum  no.  of  days  as  mentioned  in  the  policy 
Schedule/Certificate, in the event of hospitalization of the Insured/Insured Person due to an emergency accident or 
illness arising out of other than pre-exiting diseases beyond a speciﬁed number of days as mentioned in the Policy 
Schedule as deductible, for which a valid claim is admissible under the Policy whilst on a trip. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 31 of 101