CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
2.  Loss to sports equipment and accessories at any other time if insured does not report the loss or theft to 
the local police within 24hrs of discovering it and get a written police report from them. 
3.  Loss or damage caused by delay, wear and tear, moths, vermin, weather and atmospheric conditions or 
mechanical failure. 
4.  Loss or damage to sports equipment and accessories left unattended at any place. 
5.  Any loss or damage to the property due to confiscation or detention by any authority other than airline. 
6.  Any loss falling under the General Exclusions of the Policy 
7.  Any amount of loss that has already been compensated from the club. 
 
c. Specific Conditions applicable to Sports Equipment Cover: 
1.  The Insured must keep the damaged property for inspection of the insurer or its authorized representative 
at any time after the loss is reported to the insurer. 
2.  The Insured shall be required to surrender the said damaged property to the insurer on demand by them 
at the time of final settlement of the claim or shall agree to deduct an appropriate salvage value from the 
claim amount admissible at the option of the insurers. 
3.  If the claim involves a part of a set of Property, the insurer liability shall be limited to the value of that part 
which has been damaged or lost during the trip. 
4.  Receipts for items lost, stolen or damaged or proof of ownership should be preserved properly so as to the 
Insured to substantiate his claim. 
5.  The insured shall preserve all his recovery rights against the Third Party and shall be required to subrogate 
the same to the insurer at the time of settlement of claim. 
6.  Maximum depreciation applicable under this benefit shall not exceed 50% in any event. 
 
Endorsement no.31 – ADVENTURE SPORTS: 
 
a. Coverage 
Any Injury / illness / diseases related to or contracted due to participation in any adventure sports activity will 
be covered under the base cover-Emergency Accidental Hospitalization and the optional covers- Emergency  
Medical Evacuation & Repatriation of Mortal remains, if opted on payment of requisite additional charges as 
agreed. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit will form part of Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.32 – CRUISE COVER: 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the following expenses incurred by the Insured Person in excess of the deductible upto a 
maximum of the Sum Insured as mentioned in Policy Certificate during the Policy Period: 
 
1.  Missed Port Departure  
In the event where the insured / Insured person fails to arrive at the departure point in time to board the ship on 
which  he  has  booked  to  travel  on  the  initial  journey  of  his  trip  as  a  result  of:  
a)  The  failure  of  scheduled  public  transport  on  which  the  insured  person  is  travelling  
b)  An  accident  to  or  breakdown  of  the  vehicle  in  which  the  insured  person  is  travelling;  
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 70 of 101