CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
3.  Radiotherapy, heat therapy, physiotherapy or photo therapy and other such treatment prescribed by a 
Medical Practitioner requiring in-patient hospitalisation; 
4.  If any disease/ illness during the period necessitate curative treatment beyond duration of this insurance, 
the Company’s liability to pay benefits within the scope of this Policy under this cover shall extend 
automatically for a further period of 7 days insofar as it can be proved that transportation home is not 
possible. Assistance Service Provider must be notified immediately as soon as it is known that Insured / 
Insured Person is unfit to return to home town /home. If any new disease / illness/injury is contracted 
beyond duration of this Policy, treatment for the same will not be covered. 
  
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions to Emergency Medical Expenses – Illness/Diseases: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured/ Insured Person for: 
1.  Treatment which could be reasonably delayed until Insured/Insured Person's return to his /her place of 
permanent residence. The question of what can or what cannot be reasonably delayed will be decided 
jointly by the treating Medical Practitioner and the Company and shall be in accordance with accepted 
standards of medical care. 
2.  Charges in excess of reasonable and customary charges incurred for emergency treatment on account of 
an insured event. 
3.  Treatment relating to the removal of physical ﬂaws or anomalies (cosmetic treatment or plastic surgery 
in any form or manner unless medically required as part of treatment for accidents and burns). 
4.  Expenses incurred in  connection with rest or recuperation at a spa, health  resort,  sanatorium, 
convalescence home, rehabilitation measures, private duty nursing, respite care, domiciliary care, long- 
term nursing care, custodial care and treatment related alcoholism and drug dependency 
5.  Any cost relating to the insured person’s pregnancy, childbirth or the consequences of either completed. 
6.  Any health check-ups or examinations or measures primarily carried out for diagnostic or investigative 
reasons for any purpose other than treatment related to an Accident 
7.  Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no. 2 – EMERGENCY MEDICAL EVACUATION & REPATRIATION OF MORTAL REMAINS: 
 
a. Coverage 
i. Emergency Medical Evacuation: 
The Policy shall reimburse reasonable transportation charges of the Insured Person during the policy period due 
to an emergency accident arising out of other than pre-existing diseases and if such transportation has been 
prescribed by the Medical Practitioner of Assistance Service Provider. 
(a)  From a Hospital where the insured was treated to another nearest hospital, provided 
1.  such transportation is medically necessary 
2.  such medical services provided at a Hospital where the Insured Person is situated are not satisfactory 
3.  Our Assistance Company has agreed to the reimbursement of the cost of transportation in advance 
of the transportation, and has arranged the same. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 28 of 101