CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
In the event of cancellation of trip due to necessary and unavoidable reasons as stated below, the policy will reimburse 
the insured subject to limits shown in the policy schedule/certificate, for loss of personal accommodation, any 
sightseeing booked in advance, cruise ticket and travel charges paid or contracted to be paid by the insured, which 
are not recoverable from any other source, and or cost of rescheduling the tour and expenses at the destination. 
 
1.  Cancellation before the trip shall be because of the following occurring 15 days prior to the departure date 
as stated in the policy. 
a)  Death of Insured, Insured’s Family members 
b)  Death of Brother or Sister of the insured  
c)  Serious injury, sudden sickness of Insured, insured’s spouse or parent or parent in-law or child 
requiring hospitalization for more than 24 hrs. 
 
b. Special Conditions applicable to Trip Cancellation 
Any claim paid to the Insured Person under optional covers- Trip Interruption or Travel Inconvenience or All Risk 
Cancellation (if opted) shall invalidate the claim payment under this benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.13A – TRIP CANCELLATION ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of cancellation of trip due to necessary and unavoidable reasons as stated below, the policy will pay a 
fixed benefit as specified in the policy schedule/certificate 
 
1.  Cancellation before the trip shall be because of the following occurring 15 days prior to the departure date 
as stated in the policy. 
a)  Death of Insured, Insured’s Family members 
b)  Death of Brother or Sister of the insured  
c)  Serious injury, sudden sickness of Insured, insured’s spouse or parent or parent in-law or child 
requiring hospitalization for more than 24 hrs. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.14 – TRIP INTERRUPTION: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of interruption of trip due to necessary and unavoidable reasons as stated below, the policy will reimburse 
the insured subject to limits shown in the policy schedule/certificate, for loss of prepaid expenses of the tour 
which remained unutilized which includes personal accommodation, sightseeing booked in advance, cruise ticket 
and travel charges paid and or by the insured to return to his home city and or cost of rescheduling the tour and 
expenses at the destination. 
 
1.  Interruption (the cutting short by early return to home city) of the trip because of: 
a)  Death, serious injury or sudden major sickness of insured insured’s spouse, child, parents or parent in 
laws requiring hospitalization OR if the insured becomes medically unfit to continue the journey. 
b)  The hijack of an aircraft in which Insured Person is traveling as a fare paying passenger. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 39 of 101