CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
We issue this Group insurance policy to the Proposer based on the information provided by the Proposer in the 
proposal form and premium paid by the Proposer. This insurance is subject to the following terms and conditions. 
The method of coverage and the Benefit Limits that has been opted is indicated in the Policy Schedule/Policy 
Certificate. The term You/Your/Insured/Insured Person in this document refers to the individual group members 
who will be treated as Insured beneficiary and the term Proposer/Policy Holder/Group Manager/Group Organizer 
in this document refers to Person/ Organisation who has signed the proposal form and in whose name the policy is 
issued.  Also the term Insurer/Us/Our/Company in this document refers to Cholamandalam MS General Insurance 
Company Limited. 
 
Master policy will be issued in the name of Group Manager and individual certificate may be issued to the 
beneficiaries. 
 
1.  DEFINITIONS 
Any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been assigned in any part of this Policy or the Schedule/ 
Certificate  shall bear the  same  meaning  wherever it appears in the  Policy, including any subsequent 
endorsements to this Policy and the Policy Schedule/Certificate. Where the context permits, references to the 
singular shall also include references to the plural, similarly references to the male gender shall also include 
references to the female gender, and vice versa in both cases. 
 
For purposes of this Policy, the terms specified below shall have the meaning set forth: 
A)  STANDARD DEFINITONS 
Accident / Accidental mean a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent 
means. 
Cashless facility means a facility extended by the Insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs of treatment 
undergone by the insured in accordance with the policy terms and conditions, are directly made to the network provider 
by the Insurer to the extent pre-authorization is approved. 
Condition Precedent means a policy term or condition upon which the Insurer’s liability under the policy is 
conditional upon. 
Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is present since birth, which is abnormal with reference to form, 
structure or position. 
a.  Internal Congenital Anomaly: Congenital anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the 
body. 
b.  External Congenital Anomaly: Congenital anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts of the 
body. 
Deductible means a cost-sharing requirement under this policy, that provides that the Insurer will not be liable 
for a specified amount or percentage of claim amount and/or number of days and/or number of hours as 
specified in the policy schedule/certificate of insurance which will apply before any benefits are payable by 
the Insurer. A deductible does not reduce the Sum Insured and is applicable per event up to the specified 
limits mentioned. 
 
Disclosure to information norm means the Policy shall be void and all premium paid hereon shall be forfeited 
to the Company, in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact. 
Hospital means any institution established for inpatient care and day care treatment of illness and/or injuries and 
which has been registered as a hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 101