CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
The cost of the emergency accommodation shall be less than or equal to the category of accommodation originally 
booked by the Insures/Insured person 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Emergency Accommodation due to Trip Delay (Airways): 
This beneﬁt does not cover any loss other than those mentioned above under the head “coverage”, directly in whole 
or in part, including loss caused by or resulting from any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of 
this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.18 – FLIGHT DELAY: 
a. Coverage 
In the event of delay of the airlines, whilst on a Trip, at any airport specified in the Insured Person’s main travel 
booking,  the policy shall reimburse the Insured Person for  any  reasonable  and  necessary  expenses  incurred 
on any alternate travel booking under any mode of transport(but travel booking superior to original category is 
not covered) post deduction of compensation offered by service provider/common carrier or through any other 
source, for travelling to the next Intended Destination as per Insured person’s main travel booking up to the 
limit of Sum Insured  specified  in the Policy schedule/Certificate, if such delay is caused due to any of the 
following reasons: 
1.  Inclement Weather 
2.  Any Strike, riots, industrial action at the Port or relating to the Common Carrier 
3.  Delay by the Airlines 
 
This Benefit shall be payable subject to the following: 
1.  The Insured Person shall submit to the Company sufficient proof to substantiate the reason for such 
delay of the Common Carrier, unless this proof is available to the Company directly from a reliable 
source in the public domain; 
2.  The delay of the Common Carrier is in excess of the number of hours specified in the Policy 
Certificate from the scheduled time of the Common Carrier at the Port. 
3.  The maximum liability of the company under this cover during the policy period shall be the sum insured 
as specified in the Policy schedule/Certificate, irrespective of whether the policy is Single Trip or Multi 
Trip Policy. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Specific Exclusions applicable to Flight Delay: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim under this Benefit of the Policy in 
respect of an Insured Person, directly caused by, arising from or in any way attributable to any of the 
following: 
1.  Delayed arrival of the Insured Person or Travelling Companion 
2.  Any delayed departure caused by a Strike or industrial action known to exist or capable of being 
anticipated at the time the Trip was booked. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 43 of 101