CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
computer, automated machines network or through other means of telecommunication established by or on 
behalf of the Company for and in respect of the Policy or its terms or the Company’s other products and services, 
shall constitute legally binding and valid transactions when done in adherence to and in compliance with the 
Company’s terms and conditions for such facilities, as may be prescribed from time to time. However, the terms 
of this condition shall not override provisions of any law(s) or statutory regulations including provisions of IRDAI 
regulations  for  protection  of  policyholder’s  interests.  All  conditions  of  section  41  prescribed  necessary 
disclosures on terms, conditions and major exclusions shall be made known to the Insured Person; Any voice 
transaction shall be duly recorded, with the consent of the Insured Person and the recordings shall be 
maintained by or on behalf of the Company and shall be made available to the Insured Person for subsequent 
validation/confirmation of the Insured Person, if so required. 
 
20. Subrogation: 
In the event of payment under this Policy, the Company shall be subrogated to all the Insured /Insured Person's 
rights or recovery thereof against any person or Organisation, and the Insured/Insured Person shall execute and 
deliver instruments and papers necessary to secure such rights. The Insured/Insured Person and any claimant 
under this Policy shall at the expense of the Company do and concur in doing and permit to be done, all such 
acts and things as may be necessary or required by the Company, before or after Insured /Insured Person's 
indemnification, in enforcing or endorsing any rights or remedies, or of obtaining relief or indemnity, to which 
the Company shall be or would become entitled or subrogated. However, this condition shall not be applicable 
to Emergency Medical Expenses, Emergency Medical Evacuation, Repatriation of Mortal Remains, Dental 
Treatment Expenses, Personal Accident, Accidental Death and Permanent Total Disability – Common Carrier, 
Daily allowance in case of Hospitalization Sections. 
 
21. Notice of charge: 
The Company shall not be bound to take notice or be affected by any notice of any trust, charge, lien, assignment 
or other dealing with or relating to this Policy, but the payment by the Company to the Insured /Insured Person 
or his/her nominees or the legal representative, as the case may be, of any compensation or benefit under the 
Policy shall in all cases be an effectual discharge to the Company. 
 
IV. CONDITIONS FOR RENEWAL OF THE CONTRACT 
 
22. Renewal: 
The Company shall give notice for renewal of the Annual Multi Trip policies and accept renewal premium in all 
cases except in case of fraud, misrepresentation or non-cooperation of the Policy Holder / Insured Person in 
implementing the terms and conditions of this Policy or if the renewal of Policy poses a moral hazard. Every 
renewal premium (which shall be paid and accepted in respect of this Policy) shall be so paid and accepted upon 
the distinct understanding that no alteration has taken place in the facts contained in the declaration herein 
before mentioned and that nothing is known to the Insured / Insured Person that may result to enhance the risk 
of the Company. No renewal receipt shall be valid unless it is on the printed form of the Company and signed 
by an authorized official of the Company.  
 
This Policy provides 30 days Grace Period for renewing the Policy. However, Coverage will not be available 
during the grace period. 
 
23. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the policy including the Premium Rates: 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 21 of 101