CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
4.  The cover under this section will incept from the time the Insured Person takes legal control of Rental Car 
and will cease at the time Rental Agency assumes back control of rented car, subject always to the 
condition that the custody of such rental car with the Insured Person is during the period of his covered 
Trip only. 
 
 d. Specific Exclusions applicable to Car Rental Excess Insurance: 
The Company shall not be liable in respect of any claim made of: 
1. Loss or destruction of or damage to any property whatsoever, or any liability, loss or exposure 
whatsoever resulting or arising there from or any consequential loss directly caused by or contributed to 
or arising from 
(a) ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any Nuclear fuel or any waste and the 
combustion of nuclear fuel or 
(b) the radioactive toxic explosive or other hazardous properties or any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear 
component thereof. 
2. Operation of the vehicle in violation of the terms of the rental agreement. 
3. Automobiles, or other vehicles, which are not rental vehicles and not rented from a licensed rental agency. 
1.  whether by the Insured Person or by any person acting on behalf of the Insured Person. 
2.  Any loss falling under the ‘General Exclusions’ Section of the Policy. 
4. The rental of certain vehicles namely, motor homes, trailers or caravans, vans, trucks, non-passenger 
carrying vehicles, vehicles that carry more than 9 people including the driver, motorcycles, mopeds, 
motorbikes, off-road vehicles and recreational vehicles. 
5. Expenses reimbursed by the insured person's employers' Insurer. 
6. Applicable to car rental key cover – replacement of locks when only the parts need to be changed. 
7. Applicable to misfueling cover – repair or replacement of any mechanical part or damage to engine 
arising from the use of the incorrect fuel, i.e. only cleaning charges are payable under this section. 
 
Endorsement no.24 – PERSONAL LIABILITY: 
 
a. Coverage 
The Company shall indemnify the Insured/ Insured Person towards legal liability of the Insured/ Insured Person to a 
third party for an incident which results in accidental death, injury or damage to the health or property of such third 
party whilst on a trip during the period of insurance covered by this Policy, up to the limits speciﬁed in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. The incident leading to the legal liability of the Insured/ Insured Person should have occurred 
during the period of insurance and whilst on a trip covered by this Policy. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Personal Liability: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Section in respect of the following: 
 
1  Any claim arising from Insured’s/ Insured Person’s personal contractual liability or through promises made 
by the Insured/ Insured Person. 
2  Any claim of personal liability of the Insured/ Insured Person towards his/her family, relations and travelling 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 52 of 101