CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
Jewellery kept in safe will be covered under this beneﬁt as part of contents up to 20% of the Sum Insured as speciﬁed 
in the Policy Schedule or actuals whichever is less. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Home Burglary Insurance (contents): 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy for: 
 
1.  Loss or damage caused by the Insured/Insured Person's and/or Insured/Insured Person's employee(s) or 
agents and/ or Insured/Insured Person's Family member's direct or indirect involvement in the actual or 
attempted burglary. 
2.  Any loss or damage to, or on account of loss of, livestock, motor vehicles, pedal cycles, money, securities for 
money, stamp, bullion, deeds, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, stock or share certiﬁcates, business 
books, manuscripts, documents of any kind, ATM debit or credit cards, precious stones that are not part of 
jewellery or ornaments, gold bullion (unless previously speciﬁcally declared to, and accepted by, the Company 
in writing. 
3.  Loss or damage to any property/item illegally acquired, kept, stored or property subject to forfeiture in any 
manner whatsoever. 
4.  Loss or damage which is recoverable under Fire or Plate Glass Insurance Policy or any other policy. 
5.  Loss or damage directly or indirectly, proximately or remotely occasioned by or which arises out of or in 
connection with riot and strike, civil commotion, terrorist activities, earthquake, ﬂood, storm, volcanic eruption, 
typhoon, hurricane, tornado, cyclone or other convulsions of nature or atmospheric disturbances. 
6.  Consequential loss or legal liability of any kind. 
7.  Loss of money and/or other property abstracted from safe following the use of the key to the said safe or any 
duplicate thereof belonging to the Insured, unless such key has been obtained by assault or violence or any 
threat thereof. 
8.  Loss of or damage to any property insured under this Policy due to any misfeasance, malfeasance or 
nonfeasance or breach of trust in relation thereto by the Insured. 
9.    Any exclusion mentioned in the ‘General Exclusions’ section of this Policy. 
 
Terrorism Damage Exclusion Warranty: 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this insurance it is agreed that this insurance excludes loss, 
damage, cost or expense of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by, resulting from or in connection with 
any act of terrorism regardless of any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to 
the loss. 
 
For the purpose of this endorsement an act of terrorism means an act, including but not limited to the use of force 
of violence and/or the threat thereof, of any person or group(s) of persons whether acting alone or on behalf of or 
in connection with any organization(s) or government(s), committed for political, religious, ideological or similar 
purpose including the intention to inﬂuence any government and/or to put the public, or any section of the public in 
fear. 
 
The warranty also excludes loss, damage, cost or expense of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by, 
resulting from or in connection with any action taken in controlling, preventing, suppressing or in any way relating to 
action taken in respect of any act of terrorism. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 55 of 101