CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
the articles for any amount up to the Total Sum Insured stated in the policy Schedule/certificate. The Deductible, if 
applicable, shall be deducted from the Compensation payable. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Speciﬁc Conditions applicable to Loss of Baggage and Personal Belongings: 
1.  All claims will be subject to the Company at its own discretion assessing the value of the claim based on the age 
and estimated wear and tear of the article that forms the basis of the claim. 
 
2.  If applicable and if payment has been made under the optional covers - Baggage Loss in Common carrier 
(Airways) or Total Loss of checked in Baggage (Airways) if opted, any amounts paid would be deducted from 
payment of a claim under this Section of the Policy. 
 
3.  If a Policyholder or Insured Person has other insurance against a loss covered by this Section, then the Company 
shall not be liable for a greater proportion of the loss than the applicable beneﬁt under this Section bears to the 
total applicable beneﬁt under all such insurance. 
 
c. Speciﬁc Deﬁnitions applicable to Loss of Baggage and Personal Belongings: 
 
a.  “Personal Documents” means an Insured Person's identity card (if applicable), ration card, voter identity card, 
passport, driving license. 
b.  “Personal Eﬀects” means an Insured Person's mobile, laptop or tablet. 
 
d. Speciﬁc Claims Provisions applicable to Loss of Baggage and Personal effects: 
In the event of a claim the Insured Person must: 
 
1.  give immediate written notice: 
a.  to the relevant Common Carrier in the event of loss or damage in transit; 
b.  to the relevant police authority in the event of loss or theft; 
2.  submit a copy of the relevant Common Carrier or police report when a claim is made; 
3.  obtain a Common Carrier or police report where the loss occurred; 
4.  in the event of loss by a Common Carrier, retain original tickets and baggage slips and submit them when a claim 
is made; 
5.  submit original purchase receipts in the event of claims regarding goods purchased during the Insured Journey; 
and 
6.  for claims involving jewellery, submit original or certiﬁed copies of valuation certiﬁcates issued prior to the 
commencement of the Period of Insurance, when a claim is made 
For purposes of any claim hereunder: 
1.  a pair of skis, ski boots and accessories shall be regarded as one item; 
2.  bottles of perfume, aftershave, and make up shall together be regarded as one item; 
3.  the equipment and accessories of any sport that an Insured Person takes on a trip shall be regarded as one item. 
 
e. Special Exclusions applicable to Loss of Baggage and Personal Effects: 
The Company shall not be liable to pay any beneﬁt in respect of any Insured Person for: 
 
1.  loss of cash, bank or currency notes, cheques, debit or credit cards or unauthorized use thereof, postal orders, 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 82 of 101