CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
travellers cheques, travel, tickets, securities of any kind and petrol or other coupons. 
2.  mechanical or electrical breakdown or derangement or breakage of fragile or brittle articles, or damage caused 
by such breakage unless caused by ﬁre or by Accident to the conveying vehicle. 
3.  destruction or damage due to wear and tear, moth or vermin. 
4.  baggage, clothing and personal eﬀects dispatched as unaccompanied baggage. 
5.  theft from a motor vehicle unless the property is securely locked in the boot and entry to such vehicle is gained 
by visible, violent and forcible means. 
6.  loss or damage to sports equipment whilst in use, contact lenses, samples, tools. 
7.  for loss, destruction, or damage due to delay, conﬁscation or detention by order of any government or Public 
Authority. 
8.  for loss, destruction or damage directly occasioned by pressure waves, caused by aircraft or other aerial devices 
travelling at sonic or supersonic speeds. 
9.  for loss, destruction or damage caused by any process of cleaning, dyeing, repairing or restoring. 
10. for loss, destruction, or damage caused by atmospheric or  climatic conditions or any other gradually 
deteriorating cause. 
11. a claim involving animals. 
12. loss, including but not limited to loss by theft, or damage to vehicles or other accessories. 
13. for any loss that is not reported either to the appropriate police authority or transport carrier within twenty-
four (24) hours of discovery or if the carrier is an airline if a property irregularity report is not obtained. 
14. baggage and/or personal eﬀects sent under an airway-bill or bill of lading. 
15. contact lenses, glasses, hearing aids or bridges or dentures for a tooth or teeth. 
 
Endorsement no.45 – TERRORISM COVER: 
a. Coverage 
Notwithstanding any of the exclusions mentioned in the policy wordings, It is hereby understood and agreed that in 
consideration of payment of additional premium, the policy extends to cover claims due to Terrorism as defined 
under the policy for the Insured benefits vide Basic Emergency Accidental Hospitalisation or Base Personal Accident 
Cover or Endorsement no.4. Personal Accident-Common Carrier, if opted. 
 
Endorsement no.46 – KEY REPLACEMENT: 
 
a. Coverage 
If an insured person incurs expenses towards the following during the insured journey then the policy will 
reimburse upto the maximum sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate for the following 
expenses:  
 
1. Key Replacement – Reimbursement of the cost of replacing the insured’s residence and/or vehicle keys which 
are lost or stolen. The covered cost is limited to the money you paid to a locksmith to produce a new key.  
2. Break-in Protection – Reimbursement of the cost of replacing the Insured’s locks and keys if the residence or 
vehicle is broken into. The covered costs include the labor cost for replacing the lock.  
3. Lock Out Reimbursement – Reimbursement of the cost of obtaining a locksmith if the insured is locked out of 
his/her residence or the insured’s vehicle due to the loss or theft of your keys.  
4. Rental Car Reimbursement – Reimbursement of the reasonable cost of a rental car if the Insured’s vehicle keys 
are lost or stolen and it will take more than 24 hours to replace them. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 83 of 101