CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
(e)  The cover is limited to the travel destinations speciﬁed in the main travel ticket from his/her usual place of 
residence. 
(f)  The Company’s payment will be reduced by any sum for which the Carrier is liable to make payment.  
(g)  If We accept a claim under the optional covers-Baggage Delay in Common carrier or Delay of Checked-in 
Baggage (Airways), if opted and there is a subsequent claim under this Section in respect of the same 
baggage,  
(h)  We will pay the difference between the amount due or paid under optional covers-Baggage Delay in 
Common carrier or Delay of Checked-in Baggage (Airways), if opted and the amount payable in respect of 
the claim under this section.  
(i)  The policy will not make any payment for claim directly caused by, arising from or in any way attributable 
to:  
a.  Valuables, Money, any kinds of securities or tickets.  
b.   Any damage to the baggage or its contents including pilferage from the baggage.  
c.  Delay, detention, confiscation or distribution of baggage by customs, police or other public 
authorities. 
d.  Prohibited items as per the Carrier’s Policy 
 
Endorsement no.43A – BAGGAE LOSS IN COMMON CARRIER ON BENEFIT BASIS (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy will pay a fixed benefit equal to the sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate, if the 
entire piece of Checked -in- Baggage, held in the care, custody and control of a Common Carrier is lost due to theft 
or misdirection by a Common Carrier or non- delivery at its destination while the Insured is a ticketed passenger on 
the Common Carrier 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Please be informed that: 
1.  We will not pay more than the sum insured mentioned in the schedule/certificate for all the checked-in 
baggage.  
2.  The Insured Person has to obtain a property irregularity report from the Carrier confirming the loss.  
3.  The cover is limited to the travel destinations speciﬁed in the main travel ticket from his/her usual place of 
residence. 
4.  The policy will not make any payment for claim directly caused by, arising from or in any way attributable 
to:  
a.  Valuables, Money, any kinds of securities or tickets.  
b.   Any damage to the baggage or its contents including pilferage from the baggage.  
c.  Delay, detention, confiscation or distribution of baggage by customs, police or other public 
authorities. 
d.  Prohibited items as per the Carrier’s Policy 
 
Endorsement no.44 – LOSS OF BAGGAGE AND PERSONAL BELONGINGS: 
 
a. Coverage 
If, during the Period of Insurance, Personal Documents and/or Personal Eﬀects owned by or in the custody of an 
Insured Person are damaged or lost, then the policy will reimburse the Insured Person the cost of replacement of 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 81 of 101