CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
The Policy shall reimburse to the Insured/Insured Person for the total and complete loss of checked-in baggage 
caused by a Common Carrier (Air) on a trip covered under this Policy, up to the limits speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule. 
The cover is limited to the travel destinations speciﬁed in the main travel ticket from his/her usual place of residence. 
 
In the event of such a total and complete loss of checked-in baggage whilst in the custody of an airline, a Property 
Irregularity Report (PIR) must be obtained from the airline immediately upon discovery of the loss which must be 
submitted along with the claim. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Total Loss of Checked-in Baggage (Airways): 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Section in respect of the following: 
 
1.  Valuables and money, all kinds of securities and tickets/passes or any other item(s) not declared to, and 
agreed to by the Company. 
2.  Loss of property unless a Property Irregularity Report or other report usually issued by common carriers 
in the event of loss of checked-in baggage has been procured and submitted to the Company. 
3.  Any partial loss of the items contained within the checked-in baggage. 
4.  Items  contained  within  the  checked-in  baggage,  which  are  valued  in  excess of INR.5000 without 
appropriate proof of ownership. 
5.  Losses arising from any delay, detention, conﬁscation by the customs oﬃcials or other public authorities. 
6.  Any exclusion mentioned in the “General Exclusions” section of this Policy. 
 
c. Special Conditions applicable to Total Loss of Checked-in Baggage (Airways): 
 
1  The Policy will reimburse the Insured/Insured Person for the market value of the checked-in baggage in 
the event of total and complete loss of such checked-in baggage caused by a common carrier up to the 
limits speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule/Certificate provided that: 
a.  Maximum amount payable per checked-in baggage, in case more than one bag has been checked-in, 
is 50% of the applicable Sum Insured. In case of only one bag being checked-in, the amount payable is 
100% of the applicable Sum Insured. 
b.  Insured has provided all the documents, reports and other details concerning the loss. 
2  For the purpose of this beneﬁt, “market value” refers to the sum required to purchase new items of the same 
kind and quality (which are lost) less an amount representing wear and tear, usage etc., at the time of loss. 
3  If the Company makes any payment under this beneﬁt, it is a condition that any recovery from any 
common carrier by the Insured/Insured Person, under the terms of the Convention for the Uniﬁcation of 
Certain Rules Relating “Warsaw Convention” shall become the property of the Company. 
4  The amount payable in respect of any one article, pair or set is limited to the amount as speciﬁed in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. 
5  No partial loss or damage shall become payable. However, total loss of individual unit(s) of baggage shall 
not be construed as falling within this Special Condition. 
6  In the event that claims are submitted for total loss of checked-in baggage as well as under the optional covers, 
Delay of Checked-in Baggage (Airways), Baggage Delay in Common carrier, Baggage Loss in Common carrier (if opted), 
the higher of the claims shall be payable by the Company in respect of the same item(s) of checked-in 
baggage during any one period of insurance. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 35 of 101