CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
extension or alteration is added by Endorsement. 
12.  Costs, fees or expenses for preparing any claim. 
 
Clause G. Conditions applicable to Chola MS Bharat Griha Raksha Policy 
(I)  Your Obligations 
1.  Make true and full disclosure in the proposal and related documents 
a.  You have a duty of disclosure to tell Us everything You know, or could reasonably be 
expected to know, that is relevant to Us for deciding whether to give You insurance cover 
and on what terms. You owe this duty to disclose such relevant material information even 
if We have not specifically asked for it. This duty extends to any information or declaration 
given by anyone else on Your behalf. 
b.  We have agreed to give You insurance cover entirely on the basis of the information You, or 
anyone on Your behalf, have given Us in the proposal, statements and other declarations 
and documents (in writing or electronic) about Yourself, Your family, Your Home Building 
and Home Contents. The correct and complete information You give is the basis of Our 
contract with You. Our promise to pay is conditional upon the truth of these statements and 
on the assumption that You, or anyone on Your behalf, has not withheld any material 
information about Yourself, Your family, Your Home Building and Home Contents. 
2.  Obligation to take care : You must: 
a.  keep Your Home Building and Home Contents in good condition and well maintained, You 
must ensure that the structure of Your Home Building does not have any faults or defects 
that are visible and material that will aggravate loss or damage to the Home Building in the 
event an insured peril occurs. 
b.  take care to prevent theft, loss or damage to Your Home Building and Home Contents, and 
c.  ensure that unauthorized persons do not occupy Your Home Building. 
3.  Inform change in circumstances : You must inform Us immediately if 
a.  You change Your address, 
b.  You make any addition, alteration, extension to the structure of Your Home Building, 
c.  You let out Your Home Building, or Your Home Building will no longer be solely occupied by 
You, 
d.  You change the use of Your Home Building. 
4.  Allow inspection and investigation of claim: You must allow, and give full cooperation to the 
survey/investigation of Your claim by Us. You must allow Us, and any surveyor, officer or other 
representative that We authorise, to inspect Your Home Building and Home Contents including 
the interior wherever necessary, take photographs and where required, permit the scientific 
testing and investigation of any insured article affected by the insured peril. You must answer all 
questions asked  regarding  Your claim  truthfully and  completely, and submit all  relevant 
documents that We will require. 
5.   Make true statements and full disclosure in the claim and related documents You must also give 
true and full information in Your claim and submit true documents. If You give any false 
information or document in the claim, or if You withhold any information or document (written 
or electronic), We have a right to refuse payment of Your claim. We may also cancel Your policy. 
6.  Cancellation and Termination of Cover under  Chola MS Bharat Griha Raksha Policy 
1.  Cancellation by You at any Time 
a.  You can cancel this cover at any time by giving Us notice in writing. The cover will terminate 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 63 of 101