CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
15. Claim Settlement: 
1.  Reimbursement of claims shall be in India, in Indian Rupees.  
2.  We shall settle claims, including its rejection, within thirty days of the receipt of last `necessary’ document. 
3.  However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the insurer, it shall 
initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of 
receipt of last necessary document. In such cases, Insurer shall settle the claim within 45 days from the date 
of receipt of last necessary document. 
4.  In case of delay in the payment, the Company shall be liable to pay penal interest at a rate which is 2% 
above the Bank rate prevalent at the beginning of the financial year in which the claim is reviewed. 
 
16. Claim Documentation: 
Claim documents as detailed in Annexure II – Claim Documentation is to be submitted along with the copy of 
Policy Certificate and duly filled and signed claim form by the Insured Person or Nominee or Legal heir. 
  KYC of the Insured for other than death claim and KYC of the nominee / legal heir in case of death claim  
  Account details with proof for NEFT of the Insured for other than death claim and KYC of the nominee/legal 
heir in case of death claim i.e. cancelled cheque, passbook copy 
 
17. Transfer and Set-oﬀ of Claims: 
a)  If the Insured/ Insured Person have any outstanding claims against third parties, such claims shall be 
transferred in writing to the Company up to the amount for which the reimbursement of costs is made by 
the Company in accordance with the terms hereunder. 
b)  In so far as an Insured/ Insured Person receives compensation for costs he/she has incurred either from third 
parties liable for damages or as a result of other legal circumstances, the Company shall be entitled to set 
oﬀ this compensation against the insurance beneﬁts payable. 
c)  Claims to the insurance beneﬁts may be neither pledged nor transferred by the Insured/ Insured Person. 
Transfer and Set-oﬀ of Claims shall not be applicable to any of the medical sections under Emergency Medical 
Expenses, Emergency Medical Evacuation, Repatriation of Mortal Remains, Personal Accident, Accidental 
Death and Permanent Total Disablement – Common carrier, Accidental Dental Treatment, Daily Allowance 
in case of hospitalization 
18. Right to inspect:  
If required by the Company, an agent/representative of the Company including a loss assessor or a Surveyor 
appointed in that behalf shall in case of any loss or any circumstances that have given rise to a claim to the 
Insured Person be permitted at all reasonable times to examine into the circumstances of such loss. The Insured 
Person shall on being required so to do by the Company produce all relevant documents relating to or containing 
reference  relating  to  the  loss  or  such  circumstance  in  his  possession  including  presenting  himself  for 
examination and furnish copies of or extracts from such of them as may be required by the Company so far as 
they relate to such claims or will in any way assist the Company to ascertain the correctness thereof or the 
liability of the Company under this Policy. 
 
19. Electronic Transaction:  
The Insured Person agrees to adhere to and comply with all such terms and conditions as the Company may 
prescribe from time to time and hereby agrees and confirms that all transactions effected by or through facilities 
for conducting remote transactions including the internet, world wide web, Electronic data interchange, call 
centres, teleservice operations (whether voice, video, data or combination thereof) or by means of electronic, 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 20 of 101