CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
14. Claims Procedure: 
 
1.  In the event of an accident or sudden illness which is likely to give rise to a claim under this Policy, the Insured 
Person shall immediately contact the Assistance Service Provider giving details of the Policy issued to him/her. 
The details of phone numbers and Helpline are given in the Schedule/Certificate attached to this Policy.  
 
2.  The Insured Person or his representative shall provide to the Assistance Service Provider maximum information 
about the illness, accident or occurrence as is available, as well as other information such as the Policy number 
etc. Assistance Service Provider shall assist the Insured Person in getting admitted in to a hospital / getting 
treatment from a Medical Practitioner as an outpatient. 
 
3.  Where it is not possible to make an emergency call before consulting a Medical Practitioner or going into 
hospital, the Insured Person shall contact the Assistance Service Provider as soon as possible. In either case, 
when being admitted as a patient, the Insured Person shall inform the Medical Practitioner or personnel at the 
hospital, the details of his/her policy coverage and shall state the details of the Assistance Service Provider and 
request them to contact them.  
 
4.  All necessary claim documents should be furnished to the Company/ Assistance Service Provider by the policy 
holder/insured to make a claim. However, claims filed even beyond such period should be considered if there 
are valid reasons of any delay. 
 
5.  If proper intimation is given, the Assistance Service Provider shall give a cashless authorisation to the hospital / 
other providers for the costs of hospitalization under Scope of Coverage under the Policy. These costs will be 
settled directly by the Assistance Service Provider on behalf of and for the account of the Company. The Insured 
Person shall release Medical Practitioners/hospital contacted by Assistance Service Provider from their duty not 
to disclose information about his/her case.  
 
6.  In such cases, the Insured Person before his discharge from the Hospital, shall fill up and sign the claim form and 
hand over the same to the Hospital authorities to be handed over to Assistance Service Provider. Please send 
the duly signed claim form along with all the documents to designated TPA within 30 days of the occurrence of 
the Incident. However, claims filed even beyond such period should be considered if there are valid reasons of 
any delay.  
 
7.  Where no information is given to Assistance Service Provider and the payment for hospital treatment / 
outpatient treatment has been made by the Insured Person, the reasons therefore shall have to be given by the 
Insured Person along with the claim form giving details of treatment and bills for expenditure to the Company 
or Assistance Service Provider. After examining the facts and establishing the liability, in consultation and with 
the approval of the Company, Assistance Service Provider will reimburse to the Insured Person the costs 
incurred within the Scope of Coverage of the Policy on behalf of and for the account of the Company.  
 
8.  Besides where the Insured Person and Assistance Service Provider agree that even though the procedure under 
Claims Procedure is complied with, the claim should be settled on a reimbursement basis (in consultation and 
with the approval of the Company), then it will be done so accordingly.  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 18 of 101