CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
If the insured/ insured person is denied boarding of an aircraft on a commercial scheduled common carrier due to 
over-booking, and no alternative transportation is made available within 6/12 hours opted as deductible and 
mentioned in the policy certificate, of the scheduled departure time of such ﬂight, the policy will indemnify the 
insured for expenses incurred, by evidence of bills/receipts in respect of hotel accommodation up to a maximum 
of three (3) nights, if not provided by the Carrier or any other third party and purchase of a new ticket, less refund, if 
any, obtained from the Carrier, subject to the Sum Insured speciﬁed against this Section in the Schedule to the Policy. 
The over-booked ﬂight details to be obtained by the insured must be veriﬁed in writing by the operators of the airline 
or their handling agents. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Over Booked-Common Carrier (Airways): 
This beneﬁt does not cover any other loss other than those mentioned above under the head “coverage”, directly 
in whole or in part, including loss caused by or resulting from any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' 
section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.19A – OVER BOOKED-COMMON CARRIER ON BENEFIT BASIS (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
If the insured/ insured person is denied boarding of an aircraft on a commercial scheduled common carrier due to 
over-booking, and no alternative transportation is made available within 6/12 hours opted as deductible and 
mentioned in the policy certificate, of the scheduled departure time of such ﬂight, the policy will pay a fixed benefit 
equal to the sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate. The over-booked ﬂight details to be 
obtained by the insured must be veriﬁed in writing by the operators of the airline or their handling agents. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Over Booked-Common Carrier on benefit basis (Airways): 
This beneﬁt does not cover any other loss other than those mentioned above under the head “coverage”, directly, 
in whole or in part, including loss caused by or resulting from any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' 
section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.20 – BOUNCED HOTEL BOOKING: 
a. Coverage 
In the event of hotel booking at destination point(s) being bounced i.e. Insured Person(s) could not obtain hotel 
accommodation services already booked for him on conﬁrmed basis with the suppliers / agents within India due 
to non-supply of services, the Insurance Company shall reimburse to the extent of 80% of following expenses: 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 45 of 101