CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
c) An accident or breakdown occurring ahead of him on a motorway or dual carriageway which causes an unexpected 
delay to the vehicle in which Insured is travelling; or Strike, industrial action or adverse weather conditions,  
 
The company shall reimburse the Insured / Insured Person reasonable additional accommodation (room only) and 
travel expenses necessarily incurred in joining the cruise ship journey at the next docking port up to the limit 
specified.  
 
The Insurer’s liability to make payment is only in excess of the Deductible as specified in policy schedule/certificate.  
 
2. UNUSED EXCURSIONS  
The policy shall reimburse the cost of pre-booked excursions, which insured / insured person were unable to use 
and which are not refundable from any other source as a direct result of being confined by the medical officer on 
the ship to insured/insured person own cabin due to an accident or illness which is covered Base Emergency 
Accidental Hospitalisation or the optional cover- Emergency Medical Expenses – Illness / Disease, if opted. 
  
3. CRUISE INTERRUPTION  
In the event of Insured/Insured person requiring hospital treatment on dry land due to temporary illness, the 
policy reimburse the amount specified in the policy schedule/certificate, the travel expenses incurred to reach the 
next port in order to re-join the cruise. The insured / insured person has to submit a certificate from the medical 
practitioner in attendance to confirm the insured/ insured person’s unforeseen illness or injury. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.33 – DEBIT/CREDIT CARD FRAUD: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of loss or Theft of the Insured Person’s bank issued debit/credit/forex card in the place of visit within 
India whilst on a Trip, the Company shall reimburse the financial loss incurred by the Insured Person, arising out of 
any fraudulent utilization of such card from the time of such loss or Theft being reported until the time of such card 
being blocked by issuing bank, up to the limit of Sum Insured as specified in the Policy schedule/Certificate.  
 
This Benefit shall be payable subject to the following: 
 
a.  All claims made under this Benefit shall be payable in India and in Indian Rupees only. 
b.  The Insured Person must have taken all reasonable steps to avoid any loss, damage or expense. 
c.  The loss or Theft is to be reported to the issuing bank as soon as practicable, and a written police 
report is to be furnished to the Company. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 71 of 101