CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
b.  Voluntary changes in travel plans by the Insured giving rise to a claim under this section. 
c.  Any business or contractual obligations of the Insured and/or any family member except for termination 
or lay oﬀ of employment as deﬁned above provided insured is not the Owner, proprietor, Majority 
Shareholder and Director of the said company. 
d.  Termination of employment due to any unlawful act of the insured. 
e.  Default / insolvency by and of the person, agency or tour operator from whom the Insured had bought his 
Travel arrangements. 
f.  Any governmental regulations or prohibition imposed by any Administrative Authority at the time or 
before booking of insured’s travel arrangement. 
g.  Booking of the trip is undertaken ignoring the adverse situation as published by the Mass Media, Union 
Government, State Government and/or any Administrative Authority for travel to particular country or 
part of the country which may give rise to a claim. 
h.  Loss of visa charges shall not be paid under this section. 
 
d. Specific Conditions applicable to Travel Inconvenience: 
a)  It is a condition precedent to liability hereunder that in the event of any occurrence likely to give rise to a 
claim under this Insurance, that the Insured Person must notify insurer immediately. While notifying the 
occurrence, the insured person must quote as much as information concerning the occurrence as is 
available including policy number and its date of issue. 
b)  It shall be the responsibility of Insured to take appropriate action to avoid or minimize any potential claim 
under policy (e.g. avoid intentional delay during interruption or not to travel to the country or part thereof 
for which warning has been issued.) 
c)  The insured must not be aware of any reason (as stated in the list of covered risks) at the time of opting of 
this extension that may give rise to a claim under the policy. 
d)  The company’s liability shall be restricted to the sum insured opted by the Insured or the sum of total non-
refundable amount whichever is less. 
e)  In case of partial cancellation of the trip, i.e. if only one or two members’ trip is cancelled on account of 
operation of Insured peril, the company’s liability shall be restricted to the non-refundable portion of 
insured’s travel tickets only and not for Hotel Charges unless exclusive booking was made for each member. 
No partial charges of Hotel Booking for reduction in number of members will be allowed in such cases. 
f)  If the situation becomes normal against the alert of Quarantine issued earlier by the Govt. of India or if the 
prevention of travel is withdrawn by Govt. of India before the departure date mention in the schedule of 
policy and this information is available for the knowledge of General Public through any communication, 
the company shall not be liable for any claim in respect of such perils. 
g)  Operation of any of insured peril shall be considered only at the time of travel for all practical purposes in 
settlement of claims. 
 
Endorsement no.21A – TRAVEL INCONVENIENCE ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of Trip cancellation or Interruption of a covered trip due to necessary and unavoidable reasons as stated 
below, the policy will pay a fixed benefit equal to the sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate. 
 
1.  When  Insured’s  Principal  residence  and/or  his  intended  place  of  stay  at  destination  is  rendered 
uninhabitable due to Fire, ﬂood, vandalism or natural disaster and also his place of business is rendered 
inoperative due to operation of said perils. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 48 of 101