CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Terrorism/Terrorist Incident means any actual or threatened use of force or violence directed at or causing damage, 
injury, harm or disruption, or the commission of an act dangerous to human life or property, against any individual, 
property or government, with the stated or unstated objective of pursuing economic, ethnic, nationalistic, political, 
racial or religious interests, whether such interests are declared or not. Robberies or other criminal acts, primarily 
committed for personal gain and acts arising primarily from prior personal relationships between perpetrator(s) and 
victim(s) shall not be considered terrorist activity. Terrorism shall also include any act, which is veriﬁed or recognized 
by the relevant Government as an act of terrorism. 
 
Travel Agent means the Travel Agent, tour operator or other entity from which the Insured purchases his/her 
insurance Policy or travel arrangements, and includes all oﬃcers, employees and aﬃliates of the Travel Agent, tour 
operator or other entity. 
Travelling Companion means an individual or individuals travelling with the Insured/Insured Person, provided that, 
the Insured and such individual(s) are travelling to the same destination and on the same date and such individual(s) 
is/are also insured under this Policy. For the purpose of this deﬁnition, any individual(s) forming part of a group 
travelling on a tour arranged by a Travel Agent or a tour operator shall not be considered as Travelling Companion, 
unless the individual(s) is/are part of the family of the Insured/Insured Person. 
Territory: This Policy applies to incidents anywhere in India while travelling. 
 “Trip” means a journey out of usual place of residence in India and back, the details of which are speciﬁed in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. 
Includes Business and Leisure trips both unless speciﬁed otherwise 
 
Coverage for a Trip involving travel by <<Air/Rail/Road/Water>> will be as speciﬁed in the policy schedule/Certificate 
 
which commences when the passenger boards the Common Carrier, including Private Vehicle for onward journey 
 
and terminates when he disembarks on return to Your usual Town of residence or the contracted date whichever 
earlier 
The insured journey also includes and covers Sojourn and/or Personal Deviation. 
 
 
Unattended: A Vehicle, premises or personal belongings are unattended if there is no one able to observe or to prevent 
interference with it. 
Valuables means photographic, audio, video, computer and any other electronic equipment, telecommunications 
and electrical equipment, telescopes, binoculars, antiques, watches, perfumes, Jewellery, furs and articles made 
of precious stones and metals. 
War means war, whether declared or not, or any warlike activities, including use of military force by any sovereign 
nation to achieve economic, geographic, nationalistic, political, racial, religious or other ends. 
 
2.   PERSONS WHO CAN BE INSURED: 
 
  This Insurance is available for persons who is an employee or member of the Policyholder and his family 
members having a permanent place of residence in India and for whom the insurance is proposed and 
appropriate premium paid. 
  Entry age for the member should be between 03 months to 90 years (completed age). 
 
3.  COVERAGE - BASE COVERS: 
 
The Policy provides the following Base Covers. It is mandatory for the proposer/Insured to avail the Base Cover to 
be eligible for taking this Policy from Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited. Various Base and 
Optional Covers applicable for the Insured under this policy is as shown in the Policy Schedule/Certificate.  
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 8 of 101