CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
If the Company alleges that by reason of this exclusion, any loss, damage, cost or expenses is not covered by this 
insurance the burden of proving the contrary shall be upon the Insured. 
 
In the event any portion of this endorsement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall remain in 
full force and eﬀect. 
 
Endorsement no.27 –CHOLA MS BHARAT GRIHA RAKSHA POLICY: 
 
Special meaning of certain words: Words stated in the table below have a special meaning throughout this Policy, 
the Policy Schedule and Endorsements. 
These words with special meaning are stated in the Policy with the first letter in capitals. 
Word /s  Specific meaning 
Bank  A bank or any financial institution 
Carpet Area  1.  for the main building unit of Your Home, it is the net usable floor area, excluding the 
area covered by the external walls, areas under services shafts, exclusive balcony 
or verandah area and exclusive open terrace area, but including the area covered 
by the internal partition walls of the residential unit; 
2.  for any enclosed structure on the same site, it is the net usable floor area of such 
structure; and 
3.  for any balcony, verandah area, terrace area, parking area, or any enclosed structure 
that is part of Your Home, it is 25% of its net usable floor area. 
Commencement  It is the date and time from which the insurance cover under this Policy begins. 
Date  It is shown in the Policy Schedule. 
Cost of Construction The amount required to construct Your Home Building at the Commencement Date. 
This amount is calculated as follows: 
a. For residential structure of Your Home including Fittings and Fixtures: 
Carpet Area of the structure in square metres X Rate of Cost of Construction at the 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Cost of Construction is the prevailing rate of cost of 
construction of Your Home Building at the Commencement   Date   as declared b y  
You and accepted by Us and shown in the Policy schedule. 
 
b.  For additional structures : the amount that is based on the prevailing rate of Cost 
of Construction at the Commencement Date as declared by You and 
accepted by Us. 
Endorsement  A written amendment to the Policy that We make (additions, deletions, modifications, 
exclusions or conditions of an insurance Policy) which may change the terms or scope of 
the original policy. 
Home Contents  Those articles or things in Your Home that are not permanently attached or fixed to the 
structure of Your Home. Home Contents may consist of General Contents and/or Valuable 
Contents. 
General Contents  General Contents are all the contents of household use in Your Home, e.g., furniture, 
electronic items and goods, antennae, solar panels, water storage equipment, kitchen 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 56 of 101