CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
this Policy provides for, We will pay the amount of rent You lose or alternative rent You pay 
while Your Home Building is not fit for living because of physical loss arising out of an Insured 
Event as follows: 
a.  If You are living in Your Home as a tenant, and You are required to pay higher rent for the 
alternative accommodation, We will pay the difference between the rent for alternative 
accommodation and the rent of Your Home Building. 
b.  We will pay the loss under this cover for an accommodation that is not superior to Your Home 
Building in any way and in the same city as Your Home Building. 
c.  The    amount    of    lost    rent    shall    be    calculated     as     follows:  Sum Insured for 
Cover for Loss of Rent (as declared by You in the Proposal Form and specified by Us in the 
Policy Schedule) X Period necessary for repairs ÷ Loss of Rent Period opted for. 
d.  This cover will be available for the reasonable time required to repair Your Home Building 
to make it fit for living. The maximum period of this cover is three years from the date Your 
Home Building becomes unfit for living. You must submit a certificate from an architect or 
the local authority to show that Your Home Building is not fit for living. 
e.  Claim for loss of rent will be accepted only if We have accepted Your claim for loss for physical 
damage to Your Home under the Home Building Cover. 
Clause D: Home Contents Cover 
1.  What We cover: 
We cover the physical loss or damage to or destruction of the General Contents of Your Home 
caused by an Insured Event as listed in Clause B of this Policy. Valuable Contents of Your Home 
are not covered under this Policy unless You have purchased the optional cover for the Valuable 
Contents. 
2.  Sum Insured: 
a.  The Sum Insured for the Home Contents Cover is shown in the Policy Schedule and will be 
the  maximum  amount  payable  in  the  event  the  Home  Contents  are  destroyed/lost 
completely. 
b.  The policy has a built-in cover for the General Contents of Your home equal to 20% of the 
Sum Insured for Home Building Cover subject to a maximum of 
₹ 10 Lakh (Rupees Ten Lakh) provided You have opted for both Home Building and Home 
Contents cover. If You choose to have a higher Sum Insured for Home Contents, You have 
to declare the Sum Insured in the Proposal Form and pay additional premium. 
c.  If You have purchased only Home Contents Cover, You have to declare the Sum Insured for 
the General Contents in the Proposal Form. 
d.  The Sum Insured You have chosen for General Contents must be enough to cover the cost 
of replacement of the General Contents. 
e.   If You want to cover the Valuable Contents in Your Home, You must opt for the Optional 
Cover for Valuable Contents as given in Clause E (1) (a) of this Policy. 
f.  Restoration of Sum Insured: Except as stated in Clause G (III) (3) (b) of this Clause below, 
the insurance cover will at all times be maintained during the Policy Period to the full extent 
of the respective Sum Insured. This means that after We have paid for any loss, the policy 
shall  be  restored  to  the  full original  amount  of  Sum  Insured.  You  must  pay  to  Us 
proportionate premium for the unexpired Policy Period from the date of loss. We can also 
deduct this premium from the net claim that We must pay You. 
3.  What We pay 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 61 of 101