CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
ii.  must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate 
medical care in scope, duration, or intensity; 
iii.  must have been prescribed by a Medical Practitioner; 
must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the medical 
community in India. 
Network Provider/ Hospital means Hospitals or health care providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an 
Insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an insured by a cashless facility.  
Non- Network means any hospital, day care centre or other provider that is not part of the network. 
 
Notification of claim means the process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the recognized 
modes of communication. 
OPD treatment means is the one in which the Insured visits a clinic / hospital or associated facility like consultation 
room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. The insured is not admitted as a day 
care or in- patient. OPD to include emergency root canal treatment 
Pre-existing Disease means any condition, ailment, injury or disease: 
a)     That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the 
Insurer or its reinstatement or 
b) For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 48 months 
prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement. 
 
Qualiﬁed Nurse means a person who holds a valid registration from the Nursing Council of India or the Nursing 
Council of any state in India. 
Reasonable and Customary Charges means the charges for services or supplies, which are the standard charges for 
the speciﬁc provider and consistent with the prevailing charges in the geographical area for identical or similar 
services, taking into account the nature of the illness / injury involved. 
Renewal means the terms on which the contract of insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a provision of 
grace period for treating the renewal continuous for the purpose gaining credit for pre-existing diseases, time-
bound exclusions and for of all waiting periods. 
Subrogation means the right of the insurer to assume the rights of the insured person to recover expenses paid out 
under the policy that may be recovered from any other source. 
Unproven/ Experimental treatment means the treatment including drug experimental therapy which is not based 
on established medical practice in India, is treatment experimental or unproven. 
 
B)  SPECIFIC DEFINITIONS 
Air Travel means travel by an airline/aircraft for the purpose of flying therein as a Fare paying passenger. 
Alternative Treatments means forms of treatments other than treatment "Allopathy" or "modern medicine" and 
includes Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy in the Indian context. 
Appliances shall mean and include electrical, mechanical and electronic appliances used for household including 
whilst in travel use 
Adventure Sports means and includes skydiving/parachuting, parasailing, hang gliding, paragliding, ballooning 
bungee jumping, scuba diving, mountaineering or rock climbing (where ropes or guides are customarily used), Speed 
contest or racing of any kind, caving or pot-holing, abseiling, hunting or equestrian activities, deep sea diving, skin 
diving or other underwater activity, polo, snow and ice sports, rafting or canoeing involving white water rapids, 
yachting or boating, , Base Jumping, Ski Jumping, Trekking, Adventure racing on land and water, Snorkeling, Kayaking, 
Surﬁng, marathon running as a non-professional, biking, races as a non-professional, any bodily contact sport or any 
other hazardous or potentially dangerous sport. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 101