CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
The Company hereby agrees subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions herein contained or otherwise expressed, 
to compensate, indemnify, pay and/or reimburse in manner provided in this policy, beneﬁts to the insured for loss 
or damage described hereunder as per the coverage and up to the limit of Sum Insured speciﬁed in the Policy 
Schedule. 
 
Claims made under any applicable cover for the Period of Insurance will be subject to the terms, conditions and 
exclusions of this Policy Wording, the availability of the Sum Insured for that Cover, any applicable sub-limits and/or 
Deductibles. 
 
The Insurance policy will commence from the date and time as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Certificate and 
end on the date and time as printed on the Policy Schedule/Certificate, unless specified otherwise under the 
respective cover. 
 
Sl. No.  BASE COVERS 
1  Emergency Accidental Hospitalization 
2  OPD Treatment 
Personal Accident Covers 
a.  Accidental Death 
3 
b.  Permanent Total Disability (PTD) 
c.  Permanent Partial Disability (PPD) 
 
1. EMERGENCY ACCIDENTAL HOSPITALISATION:  
 
a.  Coverage: 
The policy shall reimburse the Reasonable and Customary Charges for Emergency Medical Expenses incurred in the 
Republic of India by insured for immediate medical services as an In-Patient, due to any accidental injury up to the 
maximum Sum Insured amount and for policy period as stated in the policy schedule. The treatment shall cover 
the following. 
 
1.  In-patient treatment in a local hospital at the place where the Insured is staying at the time of the event; 
2.  X-ray,  diagnostic  tests  and  all  reasonable  costs  towards  diagnostic  methods  and  treatment  during 
hospitalisation. 
3.  Heat therapy, physiotherapy or photo therapy and other such treatment prescribed by a Medical Practitioner 
requiring in-patient hospitalisation. 
4.  If any injury during the period necessitate curative treatment beyond duration of this insurance, the Company’s 
liability to pay benefits within the scope of this Policy, under this cover shall extend automatically for a further 
period of 7 days insofar as it can be proved that transportation home is not possible. Assistance Service Provider 
must be notified immediately as soon as it is known that Insured / Insured Person is unfit to return to home 
town / home. If any new disease / illness/injury is contracted beyond duration of this Policy, treatment for the 
same will not be covered. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 9 of 101