CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
a.  If the General Contents of Your Home are physically damaged by any Insured Event, We will 
at Our option, 
i.  reimburse to You the cost of repairs to a condition substantially the same as its 
condition at the time of damage, or 
ii.  pay You the cost of replacing that item with a same or similar item, or 
iii.  repair the damaged item to a condition substantially the same as its condition 
at the time of damage. 
b.  The maximum We will pay for Home Contents is the Sum Insured shown in the Policy 
Schedule for Home Contents Cover. If the Policy Schedule shows any limit for any item, or 
category or groups of items, such limit is the maximum We will pay for that item. 
 
Clause E: Additional Covers applicable : Not applicable 
 
Clause F. Exclusions (What We do not cover) under Chola Ms Bharat Griha Raksha Policy 
We do not cover losses and expenses for any loss or damage or destruction of the Insured Property 
that is directly or indirectly as a result of or is caused by or arising from events, stated below: 
 
1.  Your deliberate, wilful or intentional act or ommission, or of anyone on Your behalf, or with Your 
connivance. 
2.  War, invasion, act of foreign enemy hostilities or war-like operations (whether war is declared or 
not), civil war, mutiny, civil commotion amounting to a popular rising, military rising, rebellion, 
revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power. 
3.  Ionising radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear 
waste from combustion of nuclear fuel, or the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous 
properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component that is part of it. 
4.  Pollution or contamination, unless 
i.  the pollution or contamination itself has resulted from an Insured Event, or 
ii.  an Insured Event itself results from pollution or contamination. 
5.  Loss, damage or destruction to any electrical/electronic machine, apparatus, fixture, or fitting by 
over-running, excessive pressure, short circuiting, arcing, self- heating or leakage of electricity 
from whatever cause (lightning included). This exclusion applies only to the particular machine 
so lost, damaged or destroyed. 
6.  Loss or damage to bullion or unset precious stones, manuscripts, plans, drawings, securities, 
obligations or documents of any kind, coins or paper money, cheques, vehicles, and explosive 
substances unless otherwise expressly stated in the policy. 
7.  Loss of any Insured Property which is missing or has been mislaid, or its disappearance cannot 
be linked to any single identifiable event. 
8.  Loss or damage to any Insured Property removed from Your Home to any other place. 
9.  Loss of earnings, loss by delay, loss of market or other consequential or indirect loss or damage 
of any kind or description whatsoever. 
10.  Any reduction in market value of any Insured Property after its repair or reinstatement. 
11.  Any addition, extension, or alteration to any structure of Your Home Building that increases its 
Carpet Area by more than 10% of the Carpet Area existing at the Commencement Date or on the 
date of renewal of this Policy, unless You have paid additional premium and such addition, 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 62 of 101