CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Endorsement no.28A – FINANCIAL EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
a. Coverage 
In the event the Insured requires ﬁnancial emergency Assistance following incidents ie. Burglary/ theft of luggage/ 
money or hold up. The Assistance Service provider shall co- ordinate with the Insured’s relatives within India to 
provide emergency cash assistance to the Insured per Insured’s requirement, and pay a fixed benefit towards transfer 
charges which has been made through Assistance Service Provider as specified in the Policy Schedule/Certificate.  
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.29 – PET CARE: 
a. Coverage 
This policy shall reimburse medical expenses including fees for the Veterinary Medical Practitioner’s fees towards 
the medical care and treatment of the pet animal (limited to cat or dog) of the Insured / Insured Person arising due 
to an injury sustained whilst under the care of a friend, relative, house servant, other family members of the house 
or a Professional Carrier in India during the Insured/ Insured Person’s trip, covered under this Policy. 
 
The beneﬁt under the Section is limited to the Sum Insured as speciﬁed in the policy schedule/certificate. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Pet Care: 
This beneﬁt does not cover any loss other than those mentioned above under the head “coverage”, directly, in whole 
or in part, including loss caused by or resulting from any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of 
this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.30 – SPORTS EQUIPMENT COVER: 
a. Coverage 
In the event of Insured Person’s own or hired Sports Equipment and / or its accessories are lost due to theft or 
damaged during the entire trip, the policy shall reimburse the market value of such lost or damaged equipment upto 
the maximum of the Sum Insured as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Certificate. 
 
The Insurer’s liability to make payment is only in excess of the Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate. A 
Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made under 
this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Specific Exclusions applicable to Sports Equipment Cover: 
Following losses are not covered under the policy: 
 
1.  Any loss due to theft or damage to insured/Insured Person sports equipment and accessories during 
insured’s entire journey if he does not get a written PIR (Property Irregularity Report) issued by the airline. 
For the purpose he shall be required to lodge the complaint with the airline immediately. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 69 of 101