CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
  We cover physical loss or damage, or destruction We do not cover any loss or damage, or destruction 
caused to the Insured Property by  caused to the Insured Property 
12.  Bursting or overflowing of water tanks, apparatus  
and pipes.  - 
13.  Leakage from automatic sprinkler installations.  a.  repairs  or  alterations  in  Your  Home  or  the 
building in which Your Home is located, 
b.  repairs, removal or extension of any sprinkler 
installation, or 
c.  defects in the construction known to You. 
14.  Theft within 7 (seven )days from the occurrence of if it is 
and  proximately  caused  by  any  of  the  above a.  of any article or thing outside Your Home, or 
Insured Events.  b.   of  any  article  or  thing  attached  from  the 
outside of the outer walls or the roof of Your 
Home, unless securely mounted. 
 
Clause C: Home Building Cover 
1.  What We cover 
We cover physical loss or damage, or destruction of Your Home Building because of any Insured 
Event listed in Clause B of this Policy. We also cover architect’s, surveyor’s, consulting 
engineer’s fees, cost of removing debris as specified under Clause C (5) (f) of this Policy. Further, 
We pay for Loss of rent and Rent for Alternative Accommodation, which will be paid to the 
extent declared by You and agreed by Us as specified under Clause C (6) of this Policy while 
Your Home Building is not fit for living following loss or damage due to an insured event. 
2.  Your Home Building 
a.  Your Home Building is a building consisting of a residential unit, having an enclosed 
structure and a roof, basement (if any) and used as a dwelling place. 
b.  Your Home Building includes 
i.  fixtures and fittings permanently attached to the floor, walls or roof, like fixed 
sanitary fittings, electrical wiring and other permanent fittings. 
ii.  the following ‘additional structures’ if they are on the same site, and are used as part 
of Your Home Building: 
a)  garage, domestic out-houses used for residence, parking spaces or 
areas, if any 
b)  compound walls, fences, gates, retaining walls and internal roads, 
c)  verandah or porch and the like, 
d)  septic tanks, bio-gas plants, fixed water storage units or tanks, 
e)  solar  panels,  wind  turbines  and  air  conditioning  systems,  central 
heating systems and the like, if not included in Home Contents Cover, 
iii.  any other structure shown in the Policy Schedule. 
 
c.  Your Home Building does not include Contents of Your Home. 
3.  Use for residence 
a.  We will pay only if Your Home Building is used for the purpose of residence of Yourself and 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 59 of 101