CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
9.  The Company shall only be liable to indemnify if, besides proof of insurance cover, the documentary proofs 
required as per the claims procedure stated in the Policy, is also submitted. 
 
10. The total loss of checked- in baggage caused by the Common Carrier (airlines) must be reported to the Common 
Carriers and a Property Irregularity Report (P.I.R) shall be obtained from them. Original report together with the 
ticket(s), baggage tag(s) and the claim form are to be submitted in support of a claim by the Insured Person to 
the Company or Assistance Service Provider.  
 
11. Loss of Gadgets must be reported to the police authorities within 24 hours of discovery of such loss and an 
official report obtained from the Police authorities. The original official report of the Police authorities should 
also be submitted along with the claim form to the Company or Assistance Service Provider. 
 
12. Failure to comply with the claims procedure stated above in respect of Total Loss of Checked-in Baggage and, 
Gadgets, may prejudice the claim of the Insured Person.  
 
13. Claims for reimbursement shall be submitted to the Company or Assistance Service Provider within one month 
after completion of the treatment or transportation home. In the event of accidental death, the same shall be 
submitted within one month after transportation of mortal remains/burial.  
 
14. The Insured Person shall provide Assistance Service Provider / the Company on demand with any information 
that is required to determine the occurrence of the insured event or the scope of the Company's liability. In 
particular, at the request of Assistance Service Provider / the Company proof shall be furnished of the actual 
commencement of the trip abroad. 
 
15. If requested to do so by Assistance Service Provider / the Company, the Insured Person shall authorise 
Assistance Service Provider / the Company to obtain all the information considered necessary from third parties 
(Medical Practitioners, dentists, alternative practitioners, medical institutions of any kind, insurance carriers, 
health or pension offices) and release these parties from their obligation not to disclose information.  
 
16. If requested to do so by Assistance Service Provider / the Company, the Insured Person is obliged to undergo a 
medical examination by a Medical Practitioner designated by Assistance Service Provider / the Company.  
 
17. In case of any claim under Personal Liability, proof of judicial decision rendered by a Court of Law may be 
required.  
 
18. In case of any accident giving rise to a claim under the Personal Accident section of the Policy, the Insured 
Person, his/her nominee or legal representatives, as the case may be, shall provide complete information and 
details about the Insured Person in the claim form along with the claim documents listed in the policy wordings 
to the Company or Assistance Service Provider.  
 
19. The Insured/ Insured Person shall provide the Company with the details of the trip and other information as 
may be required by the Company from time to time. 
 
20. In case a covered insured event, as described in the Beneﬁt Section, occurs before date of purchase of this policy 
or advance warning is issued by the relevant authorities of the likelihood of such an event happening before 
date of purchase of this policy the Company shall not be liable to pay a claim. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 19 of 101