CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
structure. 
You can apply within 7 (seven) days of such fall or destruction for continuing insurance 
cover. We may agree, but will not be bound, to continue the cover on the same rates, 
terms and conditions. 
b.  Exhaustion of Sum Insured: If Your Home Building, or any additional structure, or any item 
of Home Contents, is lost, destroyed or stolen, or is a Total Loss, and We pay You the full 
Sum Insured for such item, the insurance cover for that item will automatically end unless the 
subject matter of insurance is reconstructed and the Sum Insured is reinstated by paying 
additional premium. If We pay the total Sum Insured for any claim, this Policy will end. 
c.  Change of use of Your Home Building or Home Contents: The Policy will end 
i.  if You change the use of Your Home Building from personal residence to any other 
purpose, or 
ii.  if You use any item of Home Contents for use that is not personal. 
d.  Sale of Your Home Building or Home Contents: This Policy will end when You sell, surrender 
or release Your interest in Your Home Building and/or Home Contents, or Your interest in 
the Home Building and/or Home Contents comes to an end. The Policy will end to the extent 
any additional structure of Your Home Building or item of Home Contents if You sell, 
surrender or release Your interest in such additional structure or item of Home Content, or 
Your interest in these ends. 
e.  Effect of death 
In the event of the unfortunate death of the Insured during the Policy Period, the Home 
Building Cover and the Home Contents Cover that You have purchased will continue for 
the benefit of Your legal representative/s during the Policy Period subject to all the terms 
and conditions of this Policy. 
7.  Claims Procedure applicable for Chola MS Bharat Griha Raksha Policy 
If You suffer a loss because of an Insured Event, You must make a claim for Your financial loss at 
Your cost. The procedure for making a claim is given below. These include things that You must do, 
and that You must not do. It is important to comply with these to ensure that it does not prejudice 
Your claim in any manner. 
1.  Immediate notice to Us 
a.  As soon as any physical loss or damage occurs to Your Home Building or Home Contents due 
to an Insured Event, You must immediately give notice to Us of the loss or damage. This is 
necessary for Us to survey/ investigate the loss or damage, as may be required. 
b.  You can give notice to any of Our offices or call-centres. 
c.  You must state in this notice 
i.  the Certificate Number, 
ii.  Your name, 
iii.  details of report to the police that You made, 
iv.  details of report to any Authority that You made, 
v.  details of the Insured Event, 
vi.  a brief statement of the loss, 
vii.  particulars of any other insurance of Your Home Building or any of Your Home 
Contents, 
viii.  details of loss or damage under any Optional Cover or Add-ons, 
ix.  submit photographs of loss or physical damage, wherever possible. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 65 of 101