CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
2.  Termination of employment or layoﬀ aﬀecting the insured provided that the insured have been employed 
with the same employer for at least ﬁve continuous years without any break. 
3.  The Insured and/or his immediate family member have become victim of Felonious Assault 10 days prior to 
the departure date provided he/they are not principal or an accessory in such felonious assault. 
4.  Inclement weather / climatic condition in the city or primary place of departure and / or at intended 
destination. 
5.  Civil Unrest, Riot and Strike in the home city and/or at departing station and/or intended destination (as 
deﬁned in the policy) of the Insured making the trip impossible, provided that 
a.  The Govt. of India issues a travel advisory. 
b.  Airport is shut down forcing the Airline to delay the ﬂight for more than 24 hours or to cancel the 
ﬂight. 
c.  Curfew is imposed by the City Administration. 
6.  Terrorist Attack in the home city and/or at departing station and/or destination listed on the insured’s 
itinerary 3 days prior to the Insured’s departure date and resulting that the Insured is unable to move out 
consequent upon such terrorist attack.  
7.  Compulsory quarantine or prevention of travel by Government of India 
 
b. Beneﬁts under Travel Inconvenience on Benefit basis: 
 
a.  TRIP CANCELLATION BENEFITS 
b.  TRIP INTERRUPTION BENEFIT 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured.   
 
c. Specific Exclusions applicable to Travel Inconvenience on benefit basis: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured/Insured Person for: 
 
1.  Travel arrangements being cancelled or changed by any airline, cruise line or the tour operator beyond 
insured peril 
2.  Voluntary changes in travel plans by the Insured giving rise to a claim under this section. 
3.  Any business or contractual obligations of the Insured and/or any family member except for termination 
or lay oﬀ of employment as deﬁned above provided insured is not the Owner, proprietor, Majority 
Shareholder and Director of the said company. 
4.  Termination of employment due to any unlawful act of the insured. 
5.  Default / insolvency by and of the person, agency or tour operator from whom the Insured had bought his 
Travel arrangements. 
6.  Any governmental regulations or prohibition imposed by any Administrative Authority at the time or 
before booking of insured’s travel arrangement. 
7.  Booking of the trip is undertaken ignoring the adverse situation as published by the Mass Media, Union 
Government, State Government and/or any Administrative Authority for travel to particular country or 
part of the country which may give rise to a claim. 
8.  Loss of visa charges shall not be paid under this section. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 49 of 101