CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
These devices are artificial devices replacing body parts, including artificial limbs, arms or eyes, orthopedic braces 
(including but not limited to Cane, Crutches, forearm crutch, Walkers, Walker cane hybrid, Gait trainers, Seated 
walking scooter, Wheelchairs and scooters, Stairlifts and similar devices, patient transfer devices and other aids of 
similar utility, arm, back or neck braces) and durable medical equipment (including but not limited to crutches, 
wheelchairs, power mobility devices, and hospital beds) which fulfils the insured person’s basic medical needs 
consequent to an injury.  
 
Durable medical equipment excludes spectacles, contact lenses, hearing aids, blood pressure monitoring machine, 
diabetes monitoring machine 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.39 – TRAVEL WITH PET COVER: 
a. Coverage 
If the Insured Person is travelling with his Pet and during the Trip: 
 
(a)  If the Insured Person’s Pet suffers an Injury or Illness not related or attributed to any Pre-Existing condition, 
then the company will reimburse the medical expenses incurred towards the inpatient & / or outpatient 
treatment of the pet, or 
(b)  If the Insured Person suffers an Injury or Illness due to which he is admitted in a Hospital and there is no one 
to take care of the pet, then the company will reimburse the expenses incurred towards the safe and 
comfortable stay of pet at the pet boarding house 
 
Please be informed that: 
(a)  The Insured Person’s pet has been validly transported and accommodated in accordance with the rules of the 
Common Carrier, hotel or other provider of accommodation;  
 
The Insured Person’s pet is maintained by the Insured Person exclusively for company, protection or 
entertainment, and not for the purposes of commerce or research 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.40 – MISSED DEPARTURE: 
 
a. Coverage 
If the Insured / Insured person cannot reach the original departure point of Insured/Insured persons booked journey 
or the onward or return journey due to below mentioned, the policy shall reimburse the cost for alternative travel 
arrangement (Common Carrier- Air/ Rail). 
 
inclement weather conditions; 
 
failure of public transport services; 
 
accident of the vehicle in which you are travelling, on the way to catch the return ﬂight/ train journey; 
 
death of the Insured Person or the travelling Insured Person’s parent, spouse or child; 
 
sudden Illness or injury causing hospitalisation of the Insured Person or the travelling Insured Person’s 
 
parent, spouse or child. 
The company shall pay such cost after adjusting the reimbursed made by the airline. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 77 of 101