CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Trip Delay (Airways): 
This beneﬁt does not cover loss other than those mentioned above under the head coverage, directly, in whole or in 
part, including loss caused by or resulting from any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this 
Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.16A - TRIP DELAY ON BENEFIT BASIS (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall pay a fixed benefit equal to sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate if his or her 
trip, covered by this Policy, is delayed beyond a speciﬁed number of hours, as mentioned in the Policy Schedule, 
from the scheduled time only on account of the following unforeseen reasons: 
 
1.  Strike of the airline, where the insured person had booked conveyance in advance 
2.  Inclement weather conditions causing cancellation or interruption of the trip s; 
3.  The places intended to be occupied by the Insured/ Insured Person for purposes of his or her stay during 
the trip or the destination being made uninhabitable by ﬁre, ﬂood, vandalism, burglary, or such natural 
disaster; 
 
It is the responsibility of the Insured to produce necessary proof establishing the reason for Trip Delay along with 
the receipts. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Trip Delay on benefit basis (Airways): 
This beneﬁt does not cover loss other than those mentioned above under the head coverage, directly, in whole or in 
part, including loss caused by or resulting from any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this 
Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.17 – EMERGENCY ACCOMMODATION DUE TO TRIP DELAY (AIRWAYS): 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the additional cost of emergency accommodation up to a maximum of two (2) nights if 
the Insured/Insured Person could not stay in the accommodation originally booked due to, 
 
1.  Inclement weather conditions causing cancellation or interruption of the trip with due authentication by a 
letter from the common carrier; 
2.  The place intended to be occupied by the Insured/ Insured Person for purposes of his or her stay during 
the trip or the destination being made uninhabitable by ﬁre, ﬂood, earthquake, storm, hurricane, 
explosion, outbreak of major infectious diseases, vandalism, burglary, or such natural disaster; 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 42 of 101