CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
2.  Termination of employment or layoﬀ aﬀecting the insured provided that the insured have been employed 
with the same employer for at least ﬁve continuous years without any break. 
3.  The Insured and/or his immediate family member have become victim of Felonious Assault 10 days prior 
to the departure date provided he/they are not principal or an accessory in such felonious assault. 
4.  Inclement weather / climatic condition in the city or primary place of departure and / or at intended 
destination. 
5.  Civil Unrest, Riot and Strike in the home city and/or at departing station and/or intended destination (as 
deﬁned in the policy) of the Insured making the trip impossible, provided that 
  The Govt. of India issues a travel advisory. 
  Airport is shut down forcing the Airline to delay the ﬂight for more than 24 hours or to cancel the ﬂight. 
  Curfew is imposed by the City Administration. 
6.  Terrorist Attack in the home city and/or at departing station and/or destination listed on the insured’s 
itinerary 3 days prior to the Insured’s departure date and resulting that the Insured is unable to move out 
consequent upon such terrorist attack.  
7.  Compulsory quarantine or prevention of travel by Government of India 
 
b. Beneﬁts under Travel Inconvenience: 
 
1.  TRIP  CANCELLATION  BENEFITS:  When  the  insured  risk  occurs  before  departure,  the  policy  provides 
reimbursement of the entire non-refundable, cancelled portion of the travel arrangements (As per coverage’s 
shown in the policy schedule/certificate) i.e. Flight and/or Hotel Booking and/or other incidental expenses for 
which the insured has or contracted to be paid prior to his departure and which are not recoverable from any 
source, subject otherwise to the terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions and limit of Sum Insured opted under 
the Policy. 
 
2.  TRIP INTERRUPTION BENEFIT: The policy will reimburse up to the Maximum Limit as speciﬁed in the Policy 
Schedule/certificate for the Trips that have been interrupted or delayed due to operation of Insured Peril as 
mentioned hereinabove. The policy will reimburse for the forfeited, non-refundable unused prepaid expenses 
made prior to Insured’s departure date and additional reasonable and necessary transportation expenses 
incurred by him / her plus accommodation expenses maximum up to INR. 3,000 per night for 
  Return to City of Residence in India 
  Re-joining the remaining trip after its interruption during the period of trip. Due to operation of any of the 
insured peril. 
 
However, the beneﬁts payable under this cover shall not exceed the cost of economy airfare by the most direct route 
less any refunds paid or payable. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured.   
 
c. Specific Exclusions applicable to Travel Inconvenience: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured/Insured Person for: 
 
a.  Travel arrangements being cancelled or changed by any airline, cruise line or the tour operator beyond 
insured peril 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 47 of 101