CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
The policy shall reimburse the expenses incurred up to  the Sum Insured specified in the policy schedule/certificate, 
if the Insured’s  booked and confirmed journey is cancelled within 3 hours prior to the scheduled departure by the 
Common Carrier, provided that the Insured Person provides Us with a written proof from the Common Carrier of 
the cancellation of the journey unless this proof is available to Us directly from a reliable source in the public domain. 
 
The company shall not be liable to reimburse any expenses under this for any cancellation of the journey by the 
Insured Person. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.51A – CARRIER CANCELLATION ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall pay a fixed benefit equal to the Sum Insured specified in the policy schedule/certificate, if the 
Insured’s  booked and confirmed journey is cancelled within 3 hours prior to the scheduled departure by the 
Common Carrier, provided that the Insured Person provides Us with a written proof from the Common Carrier of 
the cancellation of the journey unless this proof is available to Us directly from a reliable source in the public domain. 
 
The company shall not be liable to reimburse any expenses under this for any cancellation of the journey by the 
Insured Person. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.52 – DIGITAL CAMERA INSURANCE: 
 
a. Coverage 
The Company hereby agrees with the Insured (subject to the Exclusions & Conditions contained herein or endorsed 
hereon) that if at any time during the Policy Period, the Digital Camera insured and as defined in the policy shall 
suffer any unforeseen and sudden physical loss or damage from any cause whilst a trip during the policy period, 
other than those specifically excluded, in a manner necessitating repair or replacement, the Company will indemnify 
the Insured Person in respect of such loss or damage upto the maximum of the Sum Insured subject to a Co-payment 
as mentioned in the Policy Certificate. 
 
b. Specific Exclusion applicable to Digital Camera Insurance: 
The Company shall not, however, be liable for 
 
1.  Loss or damage caused by any faults or defects existing at the time of commencement of the present 
insurance within the knowledge of the Insured, or his representatives, whether such faults or defects were 
known to the Company or not; 
2.  Loss or damage as a direct consequence of the continual influence of operation (eg. wear and tear, 
cavitations, erosion, corrosion, incrustation) or of gradual deterioration due to atmospheric conditions; 
3.  any costs incurred in connection with the maintenance of the Digital Camera, such exclusion also applying 
to parts exchanged in the course of such maintenance operations; 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 87 of 101