CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Endorsement no.11A – TOTAL LOSS OF CHECKED-IN BAGGAGE ON BENEFIT BASIS (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall pay a fixed benefit equal to the Sum Insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate, to the 
Insured/Insured Person for the total and complete loss of checked-in baggage caused by a Common Carrier (Air) on 
a trip covered under this Policy. The cover is limited to the travel destinations speciﬁed in the main travel ticket from 
his/her usual place of residence. 
 
In the event of such a total and complete loss of checked-in baggage whilst in the custody of an airline, a Property 
Irregularity Report (PIR) must be obtained from the airline immediately upon discovery of the loss which must be 
submitted along with the claim. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Total Loss of Checked-in Baggage on Benefit Basis (Airways): 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Section in respect of the following: 
 
1.  Valuables and money, all kinds of securities and tickets/passes or any other item(s) not declared to, and 
agreed to by the Company. 
2.  Loss of property unless a Property Irregularity Report or other report usually issued by common carriers 
in the event of loss of checked-in baggage has been procured and submitted to the Company. 
3.  Any partial loss of the items contained within the checked-in baggage. 
4.  Items  contained  within  the  checked-in  baggage,  which  are  valued  in  excess of INR.5000 without 
appropriate proof of ownership. 
5.  Losses arising from any delay, detention, conﬁscation by the customs oﬃcials or other public authorities. 
6.  Any exclusion mentioned in the “General Exclusions” section of this Policy. 
 
c. Special Conditions applicable to Total Loss of Checked-in Baggage on Benefit Basis (Airways): 
1.  If the Company makes any payment under this beneﬁt, it is a condition that any recovery from any 
common carrier by the Insured/Insured Person, under the terms of the Convention for the Uniﬁcation of 
Certain Rules Relating “Warsaw Convention” shall become the property of the Company. 
2.  No partial loss or damage shall become payable. However, total loss of individual unit(s) of baggage shall 
not be construed as falling within this Special Condition. 
3.  In the event that claims are submitted for total loss of checked-in baggage as well as under the optional 
covers- Delay of Checked-in Baggage on Benefit Basis (Airways), Baggage Delay in Common carrier on 
Benefit basis, Baggage Loss in Common carrier on Benefit basis (Airways) (if opted), the higher of the claims 
shall be payable by the Company in respect of the same item(s) of checked-in baggage during any one 
period of insurance. 
 
Endorsement no.12 – DELAY OF CHECKED-IN BAGGAGE (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the costs of necessary emergency purchases of toiletries, medication and clothing in the 
event of the Insured/Insured Person suﬀering delay in scheduled arrival of his/her checked-in baggage caused by a 
common  carrier  while  being  transported  during  the  insured  trip  up  to  the  limits  speciﬁed  in  the  Policy 
Schedule/Certificate, provided that: 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 36 of 101