CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Daily Allowance in case of Hospitalisation: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured/ Insured Person for: 
1.  Treatment which could be reasonably delayed until Insured/Insured Person's return to his /her place of 
permanent residence. The question of what can or what cannot be reasonably delayed will be decided 
jointly by the treating Medical Practitioner and the Company and shall be in accordance with accepted 
standards of medical care. 
2.  Charges in excess of reasonable and customary charges incurred for emergency treatment on account of 
an insured event. 
3.  Treatment relating to the removal of physical ﬂaws or anomalies (cosmetic treatment or plastic surgery 
in any form or manner unless medically required as part of treatment for accidents and burns). 
4.  Expenses incurred in  connection with rest or recuperation at a spa, health  resort,  sanatorium, 
convalescence home, rehabilitation measures, private duty nursing, respite care, domiciliary care, long- 
term nursing care, custodial care and treatment related alcoholism and drug dependency 
5.  Any cost relating to the insured person’s pregnancy, childbirth or the consequences of either completed. 
6.  Any health check-ups or examinations or measures primarily carried out for diagnostic or investigative 
reasons for any purpose other than treatment related to an Accident 
7.  Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.7 – DAILY ALLOWANCE IN CASE OF NON-HOSPITALISATION: 
a. Coverage 
The Policy will pay a fixed allowance upto a maximum no. of days as specified in the Policy Schedule/Certificate, if 
an insured is treated for any injury / illness on OPD basis and his condition forbids him from travelling back to his 
original and usual place of residence and is confined to a location as medically suggested by the Medical Practitioner, 
then the insured will be paid the amount as specified in the policy schedule/certificate per day. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions to Daily Allowance in case of Non-Hospitalisation: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured/ Insured Person for: 
 
1.  Treatment which could be reasonably delayed until Insured/Insured Person's return to his /her place of 
permanent residence. The question of what can or what cannot be reasonably delayed will be decided 
jointly by the treating Medical Practitioner and the Company and shall be in accordance with accepted 
standards of medical care. 
2.  Treatment relating to the removal of physical ﬂaws or anomalies (cosmetic treatment or plastic surgery 
in any form or manner unless medically required as part of treatment for accidents and burns). 
3.  Treatment incurred in connection with rest or recuperation at a spa, health resort, sanatorium, 
convalescence home, rehabilitation measures, private duty nursing, respite care, domiciliary care, long- 
term nursing care, custodial care and treatment related alcoholism and drug dependency 
4.  Any treatment relating to the insured person’s pregnancy, childbirth or the consequences of either 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 32 of 101