CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
b. Specific Conditions applicable to Debit/Credit card fraud: 
Any suit or legal proceedings against the Company under this section shall be filed and instituted in the court having 
jurisdiction in India only. 
 
c. Specific Exclusions applicable to Debit/Credit card fraud: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim under this Benefit of the Policy in respect of an 
Insured Person, directly caused by, arising from or in any way attributable to any of the following: 
 
1.  Any claims where the loss can or could have been recovered from any other source. 
2.  Any claims where the reporting procedures of the issuing bank have not been followed as soon as 
practicable from the time of the Insured Person becoming aware of the loss or Theft. 
3.  Any claim where loss or Theft is not notified to the local police as soon as practicable from the time of the 
Insured Person becoming aware of the loss or Theft. 
4.  Any claim arising out of a loss where Insured Person has left the card unattended. 
5.  Any costs incurred in procurement of a new card. 
6.  Any claims arising out of, or in connection with any contractual liability. 
7.  Any claim arising out of a loss where the Insured Person, his/her Immediate Family Member, relative, 
colleague, Travelling Companion or business staff is involved as an accomplice or accessory. 
8.  Any loss or damage of a consequential nature. 
9.  Any financial loss or liability due to misuse of card occurring after the time of reporting the 
loss or Theft to the issuing bank. 
10. Any claim, which is in any manner fraudulent or supported by any fraudulent statement or 
device 
 
Endorsement no.34 – LOSS OF GADGETS: 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the cost of replacement to the Insured/Insured Person for loss of Laptop, Tablet, Mobile 
phone, Drone, E-reading devices carried under personal baggage on a trip, due to any cause other than those 
excluded. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Loss of Gadgets: 
a)  The Excess stated in the policy Schedule/certificate to be borne by the Insured in any one occurrence. If, however, 
more than one property is lost or damaged in any one occurrence then the Insured shall not be called upon to 
bear more than the highest single deductible applicable to such properties. 
b)  Loss or damage caused by any defects existing at the time of commencement of the present insurance within 
the knowledge of the Insured/Insured Person, whether such defects were known to the Company or not. 
c)  Loss or damage as a direct consequence of wear and tear or of gradual deterioration due to atmospheric 
conditions. 
d)  Any costs incurred in connection with the elimination of functional failures unless such failures were caused by 
an indemniﬁable loss of or damage to the insured properties. 
Any costs incurred in connection with the maintenance of the insured properties, such exclusion also applying 
to parts exchanged in the course of such maintenance operations. 
e)  Loss or damage for which the manufacturer or supplier of the insured properties is responsible either by law or 
under contract. 
f)  Loss of or damage to rented or hired property for which the owner is responsible either by law or under lease 
and/ or maintenance agreement. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 72 of 101