CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
15. Any claim arising out of any act of terrorism which means an act, including but not limited to the use of force 
or violence and/or the threat thereof, of any person or group(s) of persons, whether acting alone or on 
behalf of or in connection with any organization(s) or government(s), committed for political, religious, 
ideological, or ethnic purposes or reasons including the intention to inﬂuence any government and/or to put 
the public, or any section of the public, in fear. However, this exclusion does not apply to Optional Cover - 
Hijack Distress Allowance. 
16. Non-medical Expenses incurred during Hospitalisation. The list of such Non-medical Expenses is placed at 
Annexure 3. 
 
5. GENERAL CONDITIONS: 
(Applicable to all covers under the Policy) 
 
I. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE CONTRACT: 
1. Deductible:  
The deductible in respect of this Policy will be applicable for each and every claim separately and shall be of an 
amount as specified in the Policy Schedule/Certificate. 
Deductible will be charged for each separate incident reported for claims payment, even though the claim may be 
registered under the same benefit more than once. 
 
2. Applicability of covers:  
Of the covers indicated in this Policy Wording and Endorsements, coverage available to the Insured Person will be 
indicated in the Policy Certificate along with Sum Insured and Deductibles. 
 
3. Type of Trips Offered: 
Policy shall be offered on Single Trip/ Annual Multi trip basis  
 
a.  Single Trip Policy:  
Policies covering single trips can be issued upto single trip not exceeding 365 days.  
 
b.  Annual Multi trip Policy:  
Policies covering Annual Multi Trips can be issued for annual period of one year covering multiple single 
trips within the annual period of insurance with each and every single trip not exceeding a specified number 
of days as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Certificate  
 
c.  One-way Travel: 
Policy is applicable for one-way travel also, with a condition for maximum duration of coverage limited to 
specified number of days as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Certificate 
 
The Policy start date shall be on or before the trip start date. 
 
4. Policy Extension:  
a.  Extension of the Period of Insurance of the Policy during the duration of the trip can be done only at the sole 
discretion of the Company depending upon the risk factors. 
b.  If the Insured/Insured Person does not declare the full current facts or declare wrong facts while requesting 
for extension of the Policy, any extension of such a Policy if granted shall be deemed to be invalid. No refund 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 15 of 101