CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
  
b. Specific Exclusions applicable to Key Replacement: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Section in respect of the following: 
1. costs other than those listed above  
2. costs associated with lost or stolen keys for a residence other than the Insured’s primary residence;  
3. The cost to replace keys to vehicles that the Insured does not own for personal use;  
 
c. Specific Conditions applicable to Key Replacement: 
For break-in protection claims, the Insured must provide an official police report that indicates the incident 
happened within the covered time frame in order for us to pay the claim; unless you are legally incapable of doing 
so. 
 
Endorsement no.47 – LOSS OF DOCUMENTS: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy will reimburse the actual expenses necessarily incurred by the insured  to obtain the Duplicate or 
remake the Identity documents  such as Driving License, PAN Card, Aadhar Card, Voter Id or any other identity 
proof, if he or she losess the same during the policy period 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
   
b. Specific Exclusions applicable to Loss of documents: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Section in respect of the following: 
1. transportation tickets, or other similar items or personal papers and payment cards;  
2. losses that are caused by any events other than lost or stolen, such as fire, water, normal wear and tear, 
manufacturing defects, vermin, insects, cleaning or repairs, or similar events;  
3. accidental damage to insured’s wallet and items inside;  
4. any fraudulent/unauthorized charges on the lost or stolen payment cards;  
5. any identity theft related costs that are caused by lost or stolen personal papers or payment cards 
 
c. Specific Conditions applicable to Loss of documents: 
Insured must provide an official police report that indicates the incident happened within the covered time frame 
in order for us to pay the claim; unless you are legally incapable of doing so. 
 
Endorsement no.48 – CHANGE FEE COVERAGE (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the fees charged by the airline to change these dates up to the sum insured as specified 
in the policy schedule/certificate. (Note: Covered reasons include having your trip cancelled or interrupted for a 
covered reason listed — with the exception of cessation of operations — or because the Insured or a traveling 
companion are delayed by severe weather on the way to your flight as long as you allowed enough time to board 
your flight as scheduled.) 
 
b. Co-Payment applicable to Change fee coverage (Airways): 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 84 of 101