CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
3.  If the Common Carrier is taken out of service on the instruction of the Civil Aviation Authority, or 
any other governmental authority. 
4.  Any exclusion mentioned in the “General Exclusions” Section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.18A – FLIGHT DELAY ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of delay of the airlines, whilst on a Trip, at any airport specified in the Insured Person’s main travel 
booking,    the  policy  shall  pay  a  fixed  benefit  equal  to  the  sum  insured  as  specified  in  the  policy 
schedule/certificate, for travelling to the next Intended Destination as per Insured person’s main travel booking, 
if such delay is caused due to any of the following reasons: 
 
a.  Inclement Weather 
b.  Any Strike, riots, industrial action at the Port or relating to the Common Carrier 
c.  Delay by the Airlines 
 
This Benefit shall be payable subject to the following: 
1.  The Insured Person shall submit to the Company sufficient proof to substantiate the reason for such 
delay of the Common Carrier, unless this proof is available to the Company directly from a reliable 
source in the public domain; 
2.  The delay of the Common Carrier is in excess of the number of hours specified in the Policy 
Certificate from the scheduled time of the Common Carrier at the Port. 
3.  The Company’s maximum liability for payment of a claim under the cover shall be once during the Single 
Trip. In an annual multi trip, the sum insured shall be paid once during every trip undertaken during the 
policy period in the event of flight delay. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Specific Exclusions applicable to Flight Delay on benefit basis: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment for any claim under this Benefit of the Policy in 
respect of an Insured Person, directly caused by, arising from or in any way attributable to any of the 
following: 
1.  Delayed arrival of the Insured Person or Travelling Companion 
2.  Any delayed departure caused by a Strike or industrial action known to exist or capable of being 
anticipated at the time the Trip was booked. 
3.  If the Common Carrier is taken out of service on the instruction of the Civil Aviation Authority, or 
any other governmental authority. 
4.  Any exclusion mentioned in the “General Exclusions” Section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.19 – OVER BOOKED-COMMON CARRIER (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 44 of 101