CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
4.  loss or damage for which the manufacturer or supplier of the Digital camera is responsible either by law or 
under contract; 
5.  loss of or damage to rented or hired Digital Camera for which the owner is responsible either by law or 
under a lease and/or maintenance agreement; 
6.  consequential loss or liability of any kind or description; 
7.  aesthetic defects 
8.  any Digital Single Lens Reflex (DSLR) camera purchased 30 days prior to the inception of this policy. 
9.  Damage due to Pollution: any damage, loss or destruction to the Digital Camera on account of pollution or 
contamination 
 
c.  Specific Conditions applicable to Digital Camera Insurance: 
1.  In cases where damage to the Digital Camera can be repaired the Company shall pay the expenses 
necessarily incurred to restore the damaged camera to its former state of serviceability 
2.  In cases where the Digital Camera is destroyed, the Company will pay the actual value of the item 
immediately before the occurrence of the loss 
3.  the cost of any alterations, improvements or overhauls shall not be recoverable under this cover 
4.  in cases where the Digital Camera is subjected to total loss and meanwhile it becomes obsolete, all costs 
necessary to replace the lost or damaged Digital Camera with a follow-up model of similar type and similar 
quality will be reimbursed. 
5.  The Company will make payments only after being satisfied, with necessary bills and documents that the 
repairs have been effected or replacements have taken place, as the case may be.  
 
d. Warranty applicable to Digital Camera Insurance: 
It is warranted that the Maintenance Agreement in force at the inception of this policy is maintained during the 
currency of this policy and no variation in the terms of the Agreement shall be made without the written consent of 
the Company being obtained. 
 
For the purpose of this warranty the word ‘Maintenance’ shall mean the following: 
1.  Safety Checks 
2.  Preventive Maintenance 
3.  Rectification of loss or damage or faults arising from normal operations as well as from ageing 
 
e. Co-Payment applicable to Digital Camera Insurance: 
It is also hereby agreed and declared that the Insured Person shall bear a co-payment as specified in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. Co-Payment shall be applied on the admissible claim amount in respect of each and every 
claim. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.53 – ALL RISK CANCELLATION: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy will reimburse the Insured/Insured Person, the cost of ticket booked to travel by a Common Carrier for 
the Trip, up to the limit specified in the Policy Schedule/certificate and deductible as applicable, which are 
unrecoverable from any other sources, if Your Trip needs to be cancelled prior to commencement from Your place 
of residence or place of origin schedule from the departure date and time of the common carrier. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 88 of 101