CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
d. Specific Conditions applicable to Travel Inconvenience on benefit basis: 
a.  It is a condition precedent to liability hereunder that in the event of any occurrence likely to give rise to a 
claim under this Insurance, that the Insured Person must notify insurer immediately. While notifying the 
occurrence, the insured person must quote as much as information concerning the occurrence as is 
available including policy number and its date of issue. 
b.  It shall be the responsibility of Insured to take appropriate action to avoid or minimize any potential claim 
under policy (e.g. avoid intentional delay during interruption or not to travel to the country or part thereof 
for which warning has been issued.) 
c.  The insured must not be aware of any reason (as stated in the list of covered risks) at the time of opting of 
this extension that may give rise to a claim under the policy. 
d.  The company’s liability shall be restricted to the sum insured opted by the Insured. 
e.  If the situation becomes normal against the alert of Quarantine issued earlier by the Govt. of India or if the 
prevention of travel is withdrawn by Govt. of India before the departure date mention in the schedule of 
policy and this information is available for the knowledge of General Public through any communication, 
the company shall not be liable for any claim in respect of such perils. 
f.  Operation of any of insured peril shall be considered only at the time of travel for all practical purposes in 
settlement of claims. 
 
Endorsement no.22 – TRAVEL SERVICE SUPPLIER INSOLVENCY: 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the below stated expenses incurred by the insured in case of pre booked tour by 
paying an advance with an Travel Service Provider located at the intended destination(s), provided an Travel 
Service Provider turns insolvent and the insured/insured person does not get intended service. This benefit is 
limited up to the limit of sum Insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate. 
 
1. The company will pay the reasonable cost of such rearrangement but not exceeding the cost that the 
insured  has  already  incurred  for  intended  journey  and  should  be  for  the  same  standard  of 
transportation and accommodation as was originally booked by the Insured for intended journey. 
2. In case of cancellation of journey because of non-rearrangement of Scheduled journey, the company 
shall be liable only up to the extent of non-refundable cost of unused travels for which the Insured has 
already paid, including agent’s fee for such cancellation but limited to the amount of commission the 
agent had earned on pre-paid refundable amount of cancelled travel arrangements. 
3. Any additional expenses necessarily incurred on returning to Insured’s home including reasonable 
hotel accommodation and transport expenses 
 
b. Specific Exclusion applicable to Travel Service Supplier Insolvency: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Section in respect of the following: 
 
1.  If Insolvency of a travel services provider if at the relevant time, the travel services provider was insolvent 
or a reasonable person would have reason to expect the travel services provider might become insolvent. 
2.  Claims arising directly from war, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities or warlike operations (whether war be 
declared or not), civil war, rebellion, insurrection, civil commotion assuming the proportions of or 
amounting to an uprising, military or usurped power; 
3.  Accommodation expenses incurred after the pre-decided return date of the trip to insured’s town. 
4.  Any other loss falling under the General Exclusions of the Policy 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 50 of 101