CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Covers  Claim Documents 
Mobility Aids 
 Dr. Prescription and Original Payment receipts for purchase of Mobility Aids                                                                        
Allowance 
• Medical Records 
• Prescription from the Veterinary Doctor  
Travel with Pet cover  • Invoices (itemized) and Money receipts in original for the amount claimed  
• A confirmation letter from the pet boarding house, who was taking care of your pet 
during your hospitalisation 
 Written proof from the public transport on the Accident, Breakdown or the Travel event 
Missed Departure 
or delayed arrival of the inward flight 
• Letter from the airline clearly stating the period of delay/Cancellation 
Flight Diversion & 
• Covering Letter with sequence of events 
Cancellation 
 Original Air ticket/itinerary, where you were originally supposed to travel 
• Property Irregularity Report issued by the Common Carrier.  
Baggage Delay in 
• Certificate from the Common Carrier clearly stating the date and time of delay and 
Common carrier 
delivery of the baggage. 
• Copy of baggage tag’s  
• Property Irregularity Report issued by the Common Carrier mentioning the number of 
Baggage Loss in  baggage’s checked-in.  
Common carrier    FIR/Policy complaint on loss of baggage• Original Certificate from the Common Carrier 
stating that baggage has been lost along with compensation details  
• Adequate proof of ownership of items contained within checked-in baggage. 
Emergency  Authentication letter from the Common Carrier on the Inclement weather                                                                                                                    
accommodation due  News Paper cutting or media coverage available in the public domain on the occurrence 
to Trip Delay  of the Insured Contingency details.                                                                                                          
 Copy of Police Report                                                                                                                              
Loss of baggage and 
 Original Payment receipts for the expenses incurred to replace the lost baggage and its 
Personal Belongings 
contents 
 Copy of Police Report  
 Receipts for replacing locks and/or keys 
Key Replacement 
 Cost of Labor  
 Copy of Rental car Agreement (if applicable) 
 Copy of Police Report  
Loss of Documents    Copy of application made to the respective Government Authority for duplicate or for 
remaking the same 
• Proof of death or hospitalization of Insured Person or of Immediate Family Member (if 
applicable)  
• Medical reports and doctors statement if trip is cancelled or interrupted due to medical 
Change Fee Coverage  reasons. (if applicable)  
(Airways)  • Termination letter from the Company if trip is cancelled due to employments.(if 
applicable)  
• Proof of material loss or damage to the property (e.g. police report, media coverage) (if 
applicable)  
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 96 of 101