CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Person from; 
a.  intentional self-injury, suicide, or attempted suicide. 
b.  whilst under the inﬂuence of intoxication, liquor or drugs. 
c.  arising or resulting from the insured/insured person committing any breach of law with criminal intent 
or participating in an actual or  attempted felony, riot, crime, misdemeanour or civil commotion. 
d.  whilst engaging in speed contest or racing of any kind, hunting, bungee jumping, parasailing, 
ballooning, skydiving, paragliding, hand gliding, mountaineering or rock climbing, potholing, abseiling, 
deep sea diving, polo, snow and ice sports, etc. unless speciﬁcally covered and duly mentioned in the 
Policy Schedule. 
8.  Any consequential loss or damage cost or expense of whatsoever nature. 
9.  Accidental Death or disablement resulting, directly caused by, contributed to or aggravated or prolonged 
by childbirth, maternity or pregnancy or in consequence thereof, venereal disease or inﬁrmity. 
10.  Payment of compensation in respect of accidental death, injury or disablement of the Insured/Insured 
Person, due to or arising out of or directly connected with or traceable to act of terrorism or terrorist 
activities. 
11.  Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions” section of this Policy. 
 
c.  Special Conditions applicable to Personal Accident Covers: 
1.  In the event of partial loss or impairment of the function of one of the above parts of the body or senses, 
the appropriate proportion of the percentage as stated in the “Table of Beneﬁts” will be considered for 
payment. 
2.  If the accident impairs a number of physical or mental functions, the degree of disablement given in the 
Table of Beneﬁts will be added together, but the amount payable shall not exceed 100% of the Sum 
Insured as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule. 
3.  If the accident aﬀects parts of the body or senses whose loss or inability to function is not dealt with above, 
the governing factor in determining the beneﬁt amount in such a case will be the degree to which the 
normal physical or mental capabilities are impaired, solely from a medical point of view, as ascertained by 
a Medical Practitioner or a panel of doctor of the company or Assistance Service Provider. 
4.  In the event of permanent disablement, the Insured/Insured Person will be under obligation: 
a.  To have himself/herself examined by the Medical Practitioners appointed by the Company/Assistance 
Service Provider and the Company will pay the costs thereof 
b.  To authorize Medical Practitioner providing treatment or giving expert opinion and any other authority 
to supply the Company any information that may be required on the condition of the Insured/Insured 
Person. 
5.  If the above obligations are not met with due to whatsoever reason, the Company shall be relieved of its 
liability to compensate under this beneﬁt. 
6.  The beneﬁt applicable under this Section shall be in addition to the beneﬁts applicable under optional 
cover-Personal Accident - Common Carrier for Accidental Death and Permanent Total Disability, if opted. 
 
 
4. GENERAL EXCLUSIONS: 
(Applicable to all covers under the Policy) 
 
In addition to the exclusions that are applicable for the specific covers of the Policy as mentioned in this Policy, the 
following exclusions apply to covers/benefits under all Sections of the Policy  
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 13 of 101