CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
(b)  From a Hospital where the insured was last treated to the Insured Person’s usual place of residence. 
 
ii. Repatriation of Mortal Remains: 
In the event of accidental death of the Insured/ Insured Person due to an accident, the Company shall reimburse 
the costs of transporting the mortal remains of the deceased Insured/Insured Person back to his/her usual place of 
residence within India or the cost of local burial or cremation anywhere in INDIA where the accidental death 
occurred. 
 
The deductible in respect of this beneﬁt will be applicable for each and every claim separately and shall be of an 
amount as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured 
 
Endorsement no.3 – PRE-EXISTING CONDITION IN LIFE THREATENING SITUATION: 
 
a. Coverage 
If the Insured / Insured Person contracts any disease or illness during the Policy period requiring life-saving 
unforeseen emergency measures  for treating such illness or disease and which requires In-Patient 
treatment at a Hospital in an ICU due to any pre-existing condition, the Company will reimburse the medical 
expenses incurred for Hospitalization to the Insured/Insured Person. The treatment for these emergency 
measures would be paid till the Insured/Insured Person becomes medically stable, as ascertained by the 
treating Medical Practitioner of the hospital.  All further medical costs to maintain medically stable state 
would have to be borne by the Insured/Insured Person; 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.4 – PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVERS - COMMON CARRIER (AD & PTD): 
 
a. Coverage 
The Policy will pay up to the limit of the Sum Insured for this beneﬁt as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule if accidental 
injury to the Insured/Insured Person results in loss of life or permanent total disablement while riding as a passenger 
(but not as a pilot operator or member of the crew) in or on, boarding or alighting from any common carrier provided 
that, this beneﬁt shall also not apply while the Insured/Insured Person is riding in or on, or boarding or alighting 
from, any civilian aircraft that does not hold a current /or is piloted by a person who does not hold a current and 
valid certiﬁcate of competency of a rating authorizing him to pilot such aircraft. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Personal Accident Covers-Common Carrier (AD&PTD): 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in respect of the following: 
 
1.  Any existing physical disability. 
2.  Accidents due to sleep disorders, hypnosis, tolerance and / or withdrawal symptoms due to intake of 
psychoactive drugs, stimulants, sedatives, narcotics, hallucinogens. 
3.  Damage to health caused by curative measures, radiation, Infection, poisoning except where these arise 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 29 of 101