CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Assistance Service Provider means Third Party administrator or any organization or institution appointed by the 
Company, for providing services to the Insured Person for an Insured Event covered. 
 
Baggage shall mean articles and / or personal eﬀects of the Insured (other than property of the Business) in packing 
or in containers suitable and standard to the mode of Travel that is accompanied by the Insured or whilst such Baggage 
is lodged either in a locked private room of a hotel or guest house or any other accommodation occupied by the 
Insured during the Insured's stay at that location or in a public locker facility availed by the Insured during the course 
of or at any intermediate stage of the Travel. 
Base Sum Insured means the Sum Insured as specified in the Policy Schedule/Certificate against the respective base 
covers. 
Burglary means theft involving entry into or exit from the Insured Person’s home in India by forcible and violent means 
or following assault or violence or threat thereof, to the Insured Person or to any Immediate Family Member or any 
person residing lawfully in the Insured Person’s residence, with intent to commit a felony therein and includes 
housebreaking. 
Checked-in Baggage means each suitcase or baggage handed over by the Insured Person and accepted by a Common 
Carrier for transportation in the same Common Carrier in which the Insured Person is or would be travelling, and for 
which the Common Carrier has issued a baggage receipt to the Insured Person. Checked-in Baggage excludes all items 
that are carried/ transported under any contract of affreightment. 
Common Carrier means any transport means by civilian land, rail, water or Scheduled Airline in each case operated 
under a valid license for the transportation of passengers for hire. 
Contents mean and include electrical and electronic equipment, household appliances, furniture, ﬁxture, ﬁttings, 
linen, clothing, interior decorations, kitchen items, cutlery /crockery contained in the Insured's home belonging to the 
Insured or his/her family members permanently residing with the Insured including items for which the Insured is 
responsible, and used for domestic use. However, this does not include deeds, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory 
notes, cheques, traveller's cheques, and securities for money, documents of any kind, cash, and currency notes. 
Corporate means any organization, firm, society or body corporate on whose name the policy is issued. 
Dependent Child refers to a child (natural or legally adopted), below the age of 23 years, who is ﬁnancially dependent 
on the primary insured or proposer and does not have his / her independent sources of income. 
Disease means an alteration in the state of the body or of some of its organs interrupting or disrupting the 
performance of the functions, and causing or threatening pain and weakness or physical or mental disorder and 
certiﬁed by a Medical Practitioner. 
Family means the Insured, his/her lawful spouse and maximum of any two dependent children up to the age of 25 
years, parents, parents-in laws, siblings, children’s in laws, partner 
Felonious Assault means an act of violence against the Insured Person or a Travelling Companion requiring medical 
treatment. 
Financial Emergency means a situation where in the Insured Person loses all or a substantial amount of his/her travel 
funds due to theft, robbery, mugging or dacoity, which has detrimental effects on his/her travel plans. 
Group A group should consist of persons who assemble together with a commonality of purpose or engaging in a 
common economic activity like employees of a company. It includes non-employer–employee groups like employee 
welfare  associations,  co-operative  society’s,  Group  policies  being  taken  by  Government  bodies  for  certain 
identifiable groups, credit/debit card/kisan credit card holders insured through the card issuance company, 
customers of a particular business, professional associations, borrowers/depositors of a bank, customers of a bank 
or aggregators,  or members of any similar group being administered by a group administration wherein Insurance 
is being provided as an add-on benefit. 
Hazardous Occupation means persons whilst working in underground mines, explosives, magazines, workers whilst 
involved in electrical installation with high tension supply, jockeys, circus personnel, Aircraft pilots and crew, armed 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 5 of 101