CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Regulation) Act 2010 or under the enactments specified under the Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act OR 
complies with all minimum criteria as under: 
-  has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock; 
-  has at least 10 in-patient beds in towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 and at least 15 
in-patient beds in all other places; 
-  has qualified medical practitioner(s) in charge round the clock; 
-  has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out; 
-  maintains daily records of patients and makes these accessible to the insurance company’s 
authorized personnel 
 
Hospitalisation means admission in a Hospital for a minimum period of 24 consecutive ‘In-patient Care’ hours except 
for specified procedures/ treatments, where such admission could be for a period of less than 24consecutive hours. 
Illness means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the impairment of normal physiological 
function and requires medical treatment. 
a.  Acute condition is a disease, illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to treatment which aims to 
return the person to his or her state of health immediately before suffering the disease/illness/injury 
which leads to full recovery. 
b.  Chronic condition is defined as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more of the following 
characteristics:—it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-
ups, and / or tests—it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms— it requires rehabilitation 
for the patient or for the patient to be specially trained to cope with it—it continues indefinitely—it recurs 
or is likely to recur. 
Injury means accidental physical bodily harm excluding illness or disease, solely and directly caused by external, 
violent and visible and evident means which is verified and certified by a Medical Practitioner. 
In Patient Care means treatment for which the insured person has to stay in a hospital for more than 24 hours for a 
covered event. 
Maternity Expenses means 
a.  medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and 
caesarean sections incurred during hospitalization) 
b.  expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy period 
 
Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any 
prescription or follow-up prescription 
Medical Expenses means those expenses that an Insured Person has necessarily and actually incurred for 
medical treatment on account of Illness or Accident on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these 
are no more than would have been payable if the Insured Person had not been insured and no more than 
other hospitals or doctors in the same locality would have charged for the same medical treatment. 
Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council or appropriate 
authority of the country where Insured Person is availing emergency treatment outside India/ Country of 
origin and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and 
jurisdiction of license. The term Medical Practitioner includes any qualified physician, specialist, or surgeon, 
and should not be an Immediate Family Member of the Insured Person or related to the Insured Person by 
way of blood, marriage, adoption, employment, or any pre-existing business relationship. 
Medically Necessary Treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, stay in Hospital or part of a stay 
in Hospital in relation to the Insured Person which: 
i.  is required for the medical management of the Illness or Injury suffered by the Insured Person; 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 101