CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
c)  Death of Brother or Sister. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Conditions applicable to Trip Interruption: 
Any claim paid to the Insured Person under optional covers- Trip cancellation or Travel Inconvenience or All Risk 
Cancellation (if opted) shall invalidate the claim payment under this benefit. 
 
Endorsement no.14A – TRIP INTERRUPTION ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of interruption of trip due to necessary and unavoidable reasons as stated below, the policy will pay a fixed 
benefit equal to the sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate, for loss of prepaid expenses of the tour 
which remained unutilized which includes personal accommodation, sightseeing booked in advance, cruise ticket 
and travel charges paid and or by the insured to return to his home city and or cost of rescheduling the tour and 
expenses at the destination. 
 
1.  Interruption (the cutting short by early return to home city) of the trip because of: 
a)  Death, serious injury or sudden major sickness of insured insured’s spouse, child, parents or parent in 
laws requiring hospitalization OR if the insured becomes medically unfit to continue the journey. 
b)  The hijack of an aircraft in which Insured Person is traveling as a fare paying passenger. 
c)  Death of Brother or Sister. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured.   
 
Endorsement no.15 – MISSED CONNECTION (AIRWAYS): 
a. Coverage 
If the conﬁrmed onward connecting ﬂight is missed at the transfer point due to the late arrival of the incoming 
conﬁrmed connecting scheduled ﬂight and no onward transportation is made available within 2/3 hours of actual 
arrival time of the incoming ﬂight, the policy will reimburse the expenses towards transportation costs to join the 
trip upto a maximum of the sum insured as specified in the policy schedule/certificate (must be of the same class 
of original tickets purchased) together with 
 
1.  expenses incurred in respect of reasonable hotel accommodation, restaurant meals or refreshments, if 
not provided by the carrier or other third party, subject to production of bills/ receipts; 
2.  non-refundable, unused portion of the pre-paid expenses as long as these expenses are supported by a 
proof of purchase and is not reimbursable by another source. 
 
Such delay must be authenticated by the airline in writing. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 40 of 101