CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
c. Co-Payment applicable to Travel Service Supplier Insolvency: 
It is also hereby agreed and declared that the Insured Person shall bear a co-payment as specified in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. Co-Payment shall be applied on the admissible claim amount in respect of each and every 
claim. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.23 – CAR RENTAL EXCESS INSURANCE: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse to the Insured/ Insured Person up to the limit of sum Insured as specified in the policy 
schedule/certificate the “Excess Amount” that the Insured is obliged to pay arising from physical loss of or 
damage to the rental car whilst in the Insured’s control and custody during the covered trip. This policy covers 
the Excess Charge following the theft or damage to Rental car including the undercarriage, windows and tyres.  
The policy will also reimburse to the Insured for the costs of followings for which the Insured is liable in case of 
insured event: 
 
1.  CAR RENTAL KEY COVER: Replacing a lost or stolen rental car key, including replacement of locks and 
locksmith charges up to 20% of limit of indemnity under this section 
2.  MISFUELING COVER: Cleaning out the engine and fuel system and associated towing costs up to 20% of 
the limit of indemnity as mentioned in the schedule, in case the Insured put wrong type of fuel in its 
rented vehicle, 
3.  TOWING COSTS COVER: Towing or recovery costs following an accident or breakdown involving the 
Rental Vehicle, up to a maximum of 20% of the limit of indemnity under this section. 
 
b. Co-Payment applicable to Car Rental Excess Insurance: 
It is also hereby agreed and declared that the Insured Person shall bear a co-payment as specified in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. Co-Payment shall be applied on the admissible claim amount in respect of each and every 
claim. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES THE TOTAL PAYMENT FOR ALL ABOVE CONTINGENCIES SHALL EXCEED THE LIMIT AS 
SHOWN IN THE SCHEDULE OF POLICY UNDER THIS SECTION 
 
c. Specific Conditions applicable to Car Rental excess Insurance: 
1.  All insured drivers must hold a valid and effective driving license, or hold a fully recognized license which 
must be effective at the time of incident. 
2.  Except with the written consent of the insurers, no person is entitled to admit liability on their behalf or to 
give any representations or other undertakings binding upon them. The insurer shall be entitled to the 
absolute conduct, control and settlement of all proceedings arising out of or in connection with claims in 
the name of the insured person. 
3.  The insurers may at their option take proceedings in the name of the insured person to recover 
compensation from any Third party in respect of any indemnity provided under this insurance and any 
amounts so recovered shall belong to the insurers and the insured person shall render all reasonable 
assistance to the insurers. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 51 of 101