CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
10. No constructive Notice: 
Any knowledge or information of any circumstance or condition in connection with the Insured Person in 
possession of any official of the Company shall not be notice to or be held to bind or prejudicially affect the 
Company notwithstanding subsequent acceptance of any premium.  
 
11. Multiple Claims:  
In the event a claim is payable in multiple sections under this policy the Company’s liability will be restricted to the 
highest amount payable per section. This will not apply to the following sections: Accidental Death (AD); 
Permanent Total Disability (PTD); Permanent Partial Disablement (PPD) 
 
12. Nomination 
The Insured is required at the inception of the policy to make a nomination for the purpose of payment of claims 
under the policy in the event of death of the Insured. Any change of nomination shall be communicated to the 
company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on the policy is made. In the 
event of death of the Insured, the Company will pay the nominee (as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy 
Certificate/Endorsement (if any)) and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal 
representatives of the Insured whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under 
the policy. 
 
13. Fraud 
If any claim made by the Insured Person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is 
made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by the insured person or anyone 
acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium 
paid shall be forfeited. 
 
Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be 
repaid by all recipient(s)/policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally 
liable for such repayment to the insurer. 
 
For the purpose of this clause, the expression “fraud” means any of the following acts committed by the insured 
person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the insured person, with intent 
to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance policy: 
 
a)  the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the insured person does not believe 
to be true; 
b)  the active concealment of a fact by the insured person having knowledge or belief of the fact; 
c)  any other act fitted to deceive; and 
d)  any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent 
 
The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the 
insured person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there 
was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression of material fact 
are within the knowledge of the insurer. 
 
III. CONDITIONS WHEN A CLAIM ARISES 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 17 of 101