CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
It is also hereby agreed and declared that the Insured Person shall bear a co-payment as specified in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. Co-Payment shall be applied on the admissible claim amount in respect of each and every 
claim. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.49 – CYBER SECURITY: 
 
a. Coverage 
The Policy shall reimburse the expenses incurred by the Insured Person during the Policy Period upto a maximum of 
the Sum Insured due to: 
 
a.  Any fraudulent and unauthorized access to usage,  
b.  deletion or alteration of your personal data stored in Insured’s computer system including his/her digital 
devices, Defense and prosecution costs against identity theft occurring on Insured’s legitimate Social 
Media account as a result of a cyber-attack,  
c.  Repeated use of digital communications to harass or frighten the Insured, Computer program received 
through SMS, File transfer, downloaded programs from internet or any other digital means by his/her 
computer system including the digital devices maliciously designed to infiltrate and damage it without 
insured’s consent, Funds wrongfully or erroneously paid by him/her as a direct result of Third Party's 
unauthorized targeted cyber intrusion into Insured’s computer system,  
d.  Any attempt to obtain his/her sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, and credit card details 
often for malicious reasons, by masquerading as a trustworthy entity through an electronic 
communication,  
e.  A forgery or a wrongful manipulation of an E-mail header so that the message appears to have originated 
from the actual source Any liability arising out of unintended publication or broadcasting of any digital 
content resulting out of a Cyber Attack on your Computer System including your digital devices,  
f.  A threat to cause a Privacy Breach, Data Breach or Cyber Attack,  
g.  Any unauthorized disclosure of your personal data by a third party or any unauthorized access or use of 
your personal data stored in Third Party's computer system. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.50 – IDENTITY THEFT: 
 
a. Coverage 
If an insured person incurs expenses resulting in efforts to resolve the identity theft, and expenses can be 
submitted up to 12 months after you make a claim, we will pay (up to the maximum sum insured as specified in 
the policy schedule/certificate for this benefit) for the following expenses: 
 
1. Legal Expenses – We will reimburse you for attorney and court fees incurred by you for: 
a. Defending any suit brought against you by a creditor or collection agency or someone acting on their behalf as a 
result of the identity theft;  
b. Removing any civil or criminal judgment wrongfully entered against you as a result of the identity theft;  
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 85 of 101