CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
a.  Reasonable cost of Transportation expenses to the alternative hotel in the same location. 
b.  The diﬀerence of cost in up gradation to a superior class of accommodation, wherever alternate 
accommodation is not available on the cost of pre-booked hotel. For this beneﬁt the Insured shall be 
required to furnish proof that the alternate accommodation on the cost of pre-booked hotel is not 
available in the same location in the form of a certiﬁcate issued by the Alternate Accommodation Service 
Provider 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Bounced Hotel Booking: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy for: 
1.  Changes in plans by the Insured/ Insured Person, an immediate family member, or travelling companion 
for any reason. 
2.  Adverse change in ﬁnancial circumstances of the Insured/ Insured Person, any family member, or a 
travelling companion. 
3.  Any business or contractual obligations of the Insured/Insured Person, any family member, or a travelling 
companion, except for termination or layoﬀ of employment of the Insured/Insured Person or the 
travelling companion of the Insured as deﬁned above. 
4.  Default by the person, agency, or tour operator from whom the Insured / Insured Person bought this Policy 
and/or made travel arrangements. 
5.  Any government regulation or prohibition. 
6.  An event or circumstance, which occurs prior to the commencement of the period of insurance. 
7.  On account of a felonious assault, where the Insured/Insured Person, any  family member of the 
Insured/Insured Person, the travelling companion or travelling companion's family member has been a 
principal or accessory in the assault committed. 
8.  Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this Policy. 
 
c.  Special condition applicable to Bounced Hotel Booking: 
In the event that claims are submitted for Bounced Hotel Booking as well as under the optional cover – Loss of 
Deposit or Cancellation (Hotel & Airways) (if opted), the higher of the claims shall be payable by the Company during 
any one period of insurance. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.21 – TRAVEL INCONVENIENCE: 
 
a. Coverage 
In the event of Trip cancellation or Interruption of a covered trip due to necessary and unavoidable reasons as stated 
below, the policy will reimburse the insured subject to the limits shown in the policy schedule/certificate, for loss of 
personal accommodation, any sightseeing booked in advance, cruise ticket and travel charges paid or contracted 
to be paid by the insured, which are not recoverable from any other source. 
 
1.  When Insured’s Principal residence and/or his intended place of stay at  destination is  rendered 
uninhabitable due to Fire, ﬂood, vandalism or natural disaster and also his place of business is rendered 
inoperative due to operation of said perils. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 46 of 101