CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
accommodation services already booked for him on conﬁrmed basis with the suppliers / agents within India due 
to non-supply of services, the Insurance Company shall reimburse to the extent of 80% of following expenses: 
 
d.  Reasonable cost of Transportation expenses to the alternative hotel in the same class of accommodation and 
location. 
e.  The diﬀerence of cost in up gradation to a superior class of accommodation, wherever alternate 
accommodation is not available on the cost of pre-booked hotel. For this beneﬁt the Insured shall be 
required to furnish proof that the alternate accommodation on the cost of pre-booked hotel is not 
available in the same location in the form of a certiﬁcate issued by the Alternate Accommodation Service 
Provider 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Loss of Deposit or Cancellation (Hotel & Airline) 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy for: 
1.  Common carrier-caused delays, including an announced, organized sanctioned union labour strike that 
aﬀects public transportation, unless the commencement of the period of insurance is prior to a date when 
the strike is foreseeable and suﬃcient notice has been issued by way of local newspaper or any other 
media advisory on actual occurrence of such an event. A strike is foreseeable on the date the labour union 
members vote to approve a strike. 
2.  Travel arrangements cancelled or changed by an airline, cruise line, or tour operator, unless the 
cancellation is the result of inclement weather. 
3.  Changes in plans by the Insured/ Insured Person, an immediate family member, or travelling companion 
for any reason. 
4.  Adverse change in ﬁnancial circumstances of the Insured/ Insured Person, any family member, or a 
travelling companion. 
5.  Any business or contractual obligations of the Insured/Insured Person, any family member, or a travelling 
companion, except for termination or layoﬀ of employment of the Insured/Insured Person or the 
travelling companion of the Insured as deﬁned above. 
6.  Default by the person, agency, or tour operator from whom the Insured / Insured Person bought this Policy 
and/or made travel arrangements. 
7.  Any government regulation or prohibition. 
8.  An event or circumstance, which occurs prior to the commencement of the period of insurance. 
9.  On account of a felonious assault, where the Insured/Insured Person, any  family member of the 
Insured/Insured Person, the travelling companion or travelling companion's family member has been a 
principal or accessory in the assault committed. 
10.  Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions' section of this Policy. 
 
c. Special condition applicable to Loss of Deposit or Cancellation (Hotel & Airlines): 
1.  The beneﬁts payable under this cover shall be upto the Sum Insured less any refunds paid or payable by the 
Hotel or Airline. 
2.  In the event that claims are submitted for Bounced Hotel Booking as well as under the optional cover – 
Bounced Hotel Booking (if opted), the higher of the claims shall be payable by the Company during any 
one period of insurance. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 75 of 101