CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Legal Expenses: 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in respect of the following: 
 
1.  Any existing physical disability. 
2.  Accidents due to sleep disorders, hypnosis, tolerance and / or withdrawal symptoms due to intake of 
psychoactive drugs, stimulants, sedatives, narcotics, hallucinogens. 
3.  Damage to health caused by curative measures, radiation, Infection, poisoning except where these arise 
from an accident. 
4.  Any payment under this beneﬁt whereby the Company's liability would exceed the sum payable in the event 
of accidental death. 
5.  Any other claim after a claim for accidental death has been admitted by the Company and becomes payable. 
6.  Any claim which arises out of an accident connected with the operation of an aircraft (Including Cabin Crew) 
or which occurs during parachuting except when the Insured/Insured Person is ﬂying as a Fare Paying 
passenger in a multi-engine, scheduled commercial aircraft or Air Charter company. 
7.  Payment of compensation in respect of accidental death, injury or disablement of the Insured/Insured 
Person from; 
a.  intentional self-injury, suicide, or attempted suicide. 
b.  whilst under the inﬂuence of intoxication, liquor or drugs. 
c.  arising or resulting from the insured/insured person committing any breach of law with criminal 
intent or participating in an actual or  attempted felony, riot, crime, misdemeanour or civil 
commotion. 
d.  whilst engaging in speed contest or racing of any kind, hunting, bungee jumping, parasailing, 
ballooning, skydiving, paragliding, hand gliding, mountaineering or rock climbing, potholing, 
abseiling, deep sea diving, polo, snow and ice sports, etc. unless speciﬁcally covered and duly 
mentioned in the Policy Schedule. 
8.  Any consequential loss or damage cost or expense of whatsoever nature. 
9.  Accidental Death or disablement resulting, directly caused by, contributed to or aggravated or prolonged 
by childbirth, maternity or pregnancy or in consequence thereof, venereal disease or inﬁrmity. 
10. Payment of compensation in respect of accidental death, injury or disablement of the Insured/Insured 
Person, due to or arising out of or directly connected with or traceable to act of terrorism or terrorist 
activities. 
11. Any exclusion mentioned in the 'General Exclusions” section of this Policy. 
 
Endorsement no.26 – HOME BURGLARY INSURANCE (CONTENTS): 
a. Coverage 
This Section provides for indemnity, against any loss, destruction or damage to the contents of the Insured’s home in 
India caused by burglary and/or housebreaking speciﬁed hereunder whilst the Insured is on a trip covered by the 
Policy. 
 
The maximum amount payable under this Section as indemnity is limited to the Sum Insured as speciﬁed in the 
Policy Schedule/certificate in any one period of insurance irrespective of the number of such incidents or 
occurrences arising out of such incidents. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 54 of 101