CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Endorsement no.37 –TRAVEL LOAN SECURE: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse to the Insured Person in case the Insured Person has borrowed, for the purpose of 
this Trip, from an NBFC/Bank or any other entity authorized by relevant authorities in India. Indemnity will be 
provided for the following perils: Personal Accident Death, Permanent Total Disablement and permanent 
partial disability of the Insured Person within 180 days from the date of such bodily injury and such bodily injury 
is the sole and direct cause of his death or permanent total disablement Proceeds will be paid to the lending 
entity provided that the Insured Person has assigned benefits under this section of the policy in favor of the 
entity 
 
Indemnity is provided to the extent of principal outstanding amount at the time of loss or Sum Insured as 
specified under this section in the Policy schedule/certificate whichever is lower.  
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Specific Conditions applicable to Travel Loan Secure: 
This section does not cover the loan taken from any individual / firm / non-financial institution (including 
his/her own firm / company) other than Commercial Bank /licensed financial institutions. 
 
c. Specific Exclusion applicable to Travel Loan Secure: 
No claim under this section would be paid if the death is due to or caused by 
1.  Directly caused by contributed to related to or aggravated or prolonged by childbirth or pregnancy or in 
consequence thereof, 
2.  Due to participation in winter sports, skydiving, parachuting, hang gliding, bungee jumping, scuba diving, 
mountain climbing, riding or driving in races or rallies using a motorized vehicle or bicycle, caving or pot 
holing, hunting or equestrian activities, skiing, diving or other underwater activity, rafting or canoeing 
involving white water rapids, yachting or boating outside coastal waters ( 2 miles), participation in any 
Professional Sports, any bodily contact sport or any other hazardous or potentially dangerous sports. 
3.  Any loss falling under general exclusion of the policy 
 
Endorsement no.38 – MOBILITY AIDS ALLOWANCE: 
 
a. Coverage 
If Insured Person has met with an Accident during the Policy period and sustained grievous bodily injuries for which 
treating Medical Practitioner gives a written medical advice for procurement of prosthetic device or equipment, 
then in addition to any amount payable under other Sections, the policy will reimburse the charges incurred by the 
Insured person for procuring medically necessary prosthetic devices up to the amount stated in the policy 
schedule/certificate.  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 76 of 101