CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
OR 
If scheduled Common Carrier on which Insured was booked to travel is cancelled by the carrier authorities before 
one week of the scheduled date & Time of departure, and if the Insured has opted for refund of the ticket cost due 
to the time gap between alternate Common Carrier offered by the carrier Company and originally booked Common 
Carrier is of more than 2 hours, then We will pay difference in ticket cost booked by the Insured from other Carrier. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Condition applicable to All Risk Cancellation: 
i. Our payment will be reduced by any sum for which the Common Carrier is liable to make payment 
ii. The city of destination on ticket booked from other carrier should be same as originally booked travel ticket which 
was cancelled. 
iii. Any claim paid to the Insured Person under optional covers- Trip Cancellation and/or Interruption or Travel 
Inconvenience or Loss of Deposit or cancellation (Hotel & Airline) (if opted) shall invalidate the claim payment under 
this benefit. 
 
c. Co-Payment applicable to All Risk Cancellation: 
It is also hereby agreed and declared that the Insured Person shall bear a co-payment as specified in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate. Co-Payment shall be applied on the admissible claim amount in respect of each and every 
claim. 
 
Endorsement No.54. AUTOMATIC EXTENSION FOR 7 DAYS: 
 
a. Coverage: 
The policy shall extend automatically as upto 7 days from the date of expiry of the policy as mentioned in the Policy 
schedule, in the event of delay or cancellation of the departure of the Common Carrier in which the Insured Person 
was booked to return back home and which is beyond the control of the Insured Person and no alternative 
transportation was available to the Insured Person to return. 
 
Subject otherwise to all the other terms, conditions, limitations and exceptions of the policy. 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE – I 
CLAIM DOCUMENTATION APPLICABLE TO VARIOUS COVERS UNDER THE POLICY 
 
Claim documents to be submitted in addition to filled and signed claim form, KYC documents. However, depending 
upon the peculiarity of the case, the Company may seek for additional documents / information’s, if necessary. 
Additionally, the original ticket / boarding pass indicating the date of travel must also be submitted with every 
claim, along with the completed Claim Form  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 89 of 101