CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
c. Challenging the accuracy or completeness of any information in your consumer credit report provided this 
information is inaccurate and falsely provided to the credit agency or financial institution as a result of identity 
theft.  
2. Lost Wages - We will reimburse you for time taken from work solely as a result of your efforts to correct your 
financial records that have been altered due to identity theft. Payment of lost wages includes compensation for 
whole or partial unpaid workdays. You must take these unpaid days within 12 months of making a claim 
3. Obligation to pay - If any credit accounts and or bank accounts were opened in your name without your 
authorization, we will pay for your actual loss from the unauthorized account. We will pay for your legal obligation 
to pay a creditor when the account was created as part of your identity theft.  
4. Miscellaneous Expenses – We will reimburse the following expenses:  
a. The cost of re-filing applications for credit accounts or banking accounts that are rejected solely because the 
lender received incorrect information as a result of identity theft;  
b. The cost of notarizing documents related to your identity theft, long distance telephone calls, and certified mail 
reasonably incurred as a result of your efforts to report an identity theft or to correct your financial and credit 
records that have been altered as a result of your identity theft;  
c. The cost of contesting the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in your credit history as a 
result of your identity theft;  
d. The cost of a maximum of 4 (four) credit reports from an entity approved by us. The credit reports shall be 
requested when you make a claim.  
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Specific Exclusions applicable for Identity Theft: 
We will not pay for any expenses or loss as a result of:  
1. Monetary losses other than those covered above  
2. Any physical injury, sickness, disease, disability, shock, mental anguish and mental injury including required care, 
loss of services or death; 
3. Requesting credit reports before the discovery of your identity theft;  
4. Taking time from self-employment or workdays that will be paid by your employer in order to correct your 
financial records that have been altered due to identity theft.  
 
c. Specific Conditions applicable for Identity Theft: 
1. The fraudulent account must have been opened in your name without your authorization.  
2. Any false charge or withdrawal from the unauthorized opened account must be verified by your financial 
institution.  
3. Coverage for false charges is limited to the amount you are held liable for by the financial institution.  
4. We will be permitted to inspect your financial records.  
5. You will cooperate with us and help us to enforce any legal rights you or we may have in relation to your identity 
theft; this may include your attendance at depositions, hearings and trials, and giving evidence as necessary to 
resolve your identity theft.  
6. You will only have to pay one deductible per identity theft occurrence during the policy period. 
 
Endorsement no.51 – CARRIER CANCELLATION: 
 
a. Coverage 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 86 of 101