CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
2.  Steps to prevent loss and damage 
a.  You must take all reasonable steps to prevent further loss or damage to Your Home Building 
and Home Contents. 
b.  Until We have inspected Your Home Building and Home Contents, and have given Our 
consent, 
i.  You must not sell, give away or dispose of any damaged items of any property for 
which You are making a claim; 
ii.  You must not wash or clean, or remove any damaged item or debris, except for any 
urgent necessity; 
iii.  You must not carry out repairs, unless such repairs are urgent and You cannot 
contact Us. 
3.  Immediate notice to Authorities 
a.  As soon as any loss or damage occurs to the Insured Property, You must give immediate 
report to appropriate legal authorities. For example, You must report to the fire brigade of 
the local authority and the police if there is damage by fire/ explosion / implosion or 
lightning. In case of subsidence 
/landslide/rockslide, You must inform the District Administration. In the event of impact 
damage of any kind or Riot Strikes, Malicious damages and acts of terrorism, You must 
inform the police. If there is a theft within 7 (seven) days following an Insured Event You 
must inform the police. 
b.  We may, but not necessarily, waive this condition if We are satisfied that by reason of 
extreme hardship it was not possible for You or any other person on Your behalf to give such 
report. 
4.  Submit claim 
a.  Claim form: 
i.  You must submit Your claim in Our claim form at the earliest opportunity, but within 
30 days from the date You first notice the loss or damage. The claim form is available 
in any of Our branches, and on Our web-site. 
ii.  You must state in Your claim the details of any other insurance policy that covers the 
damage or loss for which You have filed Your claim, whether You have purchased 
such other insurance, or someone else has purchased it for You. 
b.  We shall not be liable for any loss or damage after the expiry of 12 months from the 
happening of the loss or damage unless the claim is the subject of pending action or 
arbitration. If We disclaim liability for a claim You have made and if the claim is not made a 
subject matter of a suit in a court of law within a period of 12 months from the date of 
disclaimer, the claim shall not be recoverable hereunder. 
5.  Establish loss 
a.  You must prove that the Insured Event has occurred, and the extent of physical loss or 
damage You have suffered with full details. 
b.  When We request, 
i.  You must support Your claim for Home Building and/or Home Contents with plans, 
specification books, vouchers, invoices pertaining to costs incurred by You for 
reconstruction/replacement/repairs. 
ii.  You must allow Us, Our officers, surveyors or representatives to inspect the loss or 
damage to Your Home Building and/or Home Contents, and to take measurements, 
samples, damaged items or parts, and photographs that are relevant. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 66 of 101