CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Physician means a licensed medical practitioner acting within the scope of his license and who holds a degree of a 
recognized institution and is registered by the Medical Council of India. The term Physician would include specialist and 
surgeon. Family members are excluded from the Deﬁnition of Physician. 
 
Policy means proposal, the Schedule/Certificate, the Policy documents and any endorsements attaching to or 
forming part hereof either on the commencement date or during the Policy Period. 
Policy Certificate means the document giving mentioning the name of the Insured / Insured persons, Policy Period, 
scope of cover, limits to which beneﬁts are subject to and other relevant terms and conditions. 
Permanent Partial Disablement means a bodily injury caused by accidental, external, violent and visible means, 
which as a direct consequence thereof, disables any part of the limbs or organs of the body of the insured/insured 
person and which falls into one of the categories listed in the Table of beneﬁts. 
Permanent Total Disablement” means a bodily injury caused by accidental, external, violent and visible means, which 
as a direct consequence thereof totally disables and prevents the insured from attending to any business or occupation 
of any and every kind or if he/she has no business or occupation, from attending to his/her usual and normal duties 
that last for a continuous period of twelve calendar months from the date of the accident, with no hopes of 
improvement at the end of that period. 
Pre-existing Disability means an existing disability and consequence of such disability existing or known to exist at 
the commencement of the policy period. 
Professional Sportsperson means those sports persons who are in to full time sports and maintain their livelihood 
through earnings from their involvement in sports. 
Reasonable  Additional  Expenses  means  any  expenses  for  meals  and  lodging  necessarily  incurred  by  the 
Insured/Insured Person as a result of a trip delay but does not include meals and lodging provided by the common 
carrier or any other party free of charge. 
Return Destination means the place to which the Insured/Insured Person is scheduled to return from his/her trip. 
Scheduled Airline means any civilian aircraft operated by a civilian scheduled air carrier holding a certiﬁcate, license or 
similar authorization for civilian scheduled air carrier transport issued by the country of the aircraft’s registry, and 
which in accordance therewith ﬂies, maintains and publishes tariﬀs for regular passenger service between named 
cities at regular and speciﬁed times, on regular or chartered ﬂights operated by such carrier. 
Schedule Railways means any Railways operated by Indian Railways, which in accordance there with operates, 
maintains and publishes tariﬀs for regular passenger service between named cities at regular and speciﬁed times, on 
regular journey operated by such carrier. 
Schedule Roadways means a roadways carrier which is operated between named cities under a valid license issued 
by the appropriate Indian governmental authority for the transportation of passengers within India for a fee, and 
which maintains and publishes regular tariﬀs for regular passenger services which it operates between named cities 
at regular and speciﬁed times 
Semiprofessional sports person shall mean those sports persons who participate in sports on frequent basis (at least 
once in a month) while being separately employed elsewhere or self-employed and whose primary source of income 
is not from sports. 
Strike means stoppage of work (a) announced, organized and sanctioned by a labour union and (b) which interferes 
with the normal departure and arrival of a common carrier inclusive of work slowdowns, lockouts and sickouts. 
Sum Insured means the maximum amount of coverage, as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule/certificate, that the 
Insured/Insured Person is entitled to in respect of each beneﬁt and as applicable under the Policy. 
Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and / or operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an illness or 
injury, correction of deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief from suﬀering or prolongation of 
life, performed in a hospital or day care center by a medical practitioner. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 7 of 101