CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Your family, or of Your tenant, licensee or employee. 
b.  We will not pay if 
i.  Your Home Building is used as a holiday home, or for lodging and boarding, or 
ii.  Your Home Building or any part of Your Home Building is used for purposes other 
than residential except where it is used both for Your residence and for the purposes 
of earning Your livelihood if You are self- employed or You have shifted Your office to 
Your Home Building for a temporary period due to lockdown or closure of Your office 
ordered by a public authority. 
4.  Sum Insured 
a.  The Sum Insured for the Home Building Cover is the prevailing Cost of Construction of Your 
Home Building at the Commencement Date as declared by You and accepted by Us and will 
be the maximum amount payable in the event the Home Building is a Total Loss. 
b.  If the Policy Period is more than one year, We will automatically increase Your Sum Insured 
during the Policy Period by 10% per annum on each anniversary of Your Policy without 
additional  premium  for  a  maximum  of  100%  of  the  Sum  Insured  at  the  Policy 
Commencement Date. 
c.  The Sum Insured will be automatically increased each day by an amount representing 
1/365th of 10% of Sum Insured at the Policy Commencement Date for annual policies. 
d.  Restoration of Sum Insured : Except as stated in Clause G (III) (3) (b) of this Policy, the 
insurance cover will at all times be maintained during the Policy Period to the full extent of 
the respective Sum Insured. This means that after We have paid for any loss, the policy shall 
be restored to the full original amount of Sum Insured. You must pay to Us proportionate 
premium for the unexpired Policy Period from the date of loss. We can also deduct this 
premium from the net claim that We must pay You. 
5.  What We pay 
a.  If You make a claim under the policy for damage to Your Home Building due to any of the 
insured perils, We reimburse the cost to repair it to a condition substantially the same as its 
condition at the time of damage. You must spend for repairs, and claim that amount from 
Us. 
b.  We will calculate the amount of claim on the basis of the actual Carpet Area subject to the 
Carpet Area not exceeding that declared by You in the Proposal Form and stated in the Policy 
Schedule. 
c.  The maximum We will pay for all items together is the Sum Insured shown in the Policy 
Schedule for Home Building Cover. If the Policy Schedule shows any limit for any item, such 
limit is the maximum We will pay for that item. 
d.  If Your Home Building is a Total Loss, We will pay You the Sum Insured of the Home Building. 
e.  If only an additional structure is destroyed, We will pay You an amount equal to the Cost of 
Construction of the additional structure. 
f.  In addition to what Clause C (5) (c) of this Policy provides for, We will pay You the following 
expenses: 
i.  up to 5% of the claim amount for reasonable fees of architect, surveyor, 
consulting engineer; 
ii.  up to 2 % of the claim amount for reasonable costs of removing debris from the 
site. 
6.  Loss of Rent and Rent for Alternative Accommodation: In addition to what Clause C (5) (c) of 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 60 of 101