CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
The company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium 
rates. The insured person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected. 
 
24. Policy Withdrawal and Migration: 
a.  In the likelihood of this policy being withdrawn in future, the Company will inform the same to the Policy 
Holder / Insured at least 3 months prior to expiry of the policy. 
b.  Policy Holder/Insured will have the option to migrate to other plan under similar travel insurance policy, if 
available with the Company, at the time of renewal (in case of Annual policies), provided the policy has 
been maintained without a break. 
 
25. Enhancement of Sum Insured: 
During currency of the policy, no change of plan or Sum Insured is allowed.  
 
26. Cancellation: 
In case of Annual Policies, the Company may at any time, cancel this Policy, by giving 30 days notice in writing 
by Registered Post Acknowledgment Due to the Policy Holder/Insured Person at his last known address The 
Company shall exercise its right to cancel only in case of fraud, mis-representation, non-disclosure of material 
facts. In such cases, policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company as per 
the disclosure to information norm. The Company shall exercise its right to cancel the policy on grounds of non-
cooperation of the Policy Holder/ Insured Person in implementing the terms and conditions of this Policy. In 
such cases, Insurer shall be liable to repay premium as specified in the below mentioned table subject to no 
claims. 
 
The Policy Holder/Insured Person may also give 30 days notice in writing, to the Company, for the cancellation 
of this Policy, in which case the Company shall from the date of receipt of notice cancel the Policy and retain 
the premium for the period this Policy has been in force at the Company's short period scales, provided that, no 
refund of premium shall be made if any claim has been made under this Policy by or on behalf of the Insured 
Person up to the date of cancellation of this Policy. 
 
Short Period Scale 
Policy Period  Up to  Rate Of Premium to be retained 
Up to 15% of Policy Period  25% of premium paid 
Up to 25% of Policy Period  50% of premium paid 
Up to 50% of Policy Period  75% of premium paid 
Exceeding 50% of Policy Period  100% of premium paid 
 
In case of single trip policies, termination of the Policy at a date earlier than the end date can be done only if 
the Insured Person returns back to his/her usual town of residence earlier than the end date of the Period of 
Insurance of the Policy. Refund of premium for the days between the return to the usual town  of residence and 
the end date of the Period of Insurance as mentioned in the Policy Schedule/Policy Certificate will only be given 
if the same are a minimum of 10 days. Premium refunded will be equal to the amount of premium to be paid 
for the original Policy duration minus the premium to be paid by taking the return date as the new end date of 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 22 of 101