CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
In addition to the General Exclusions listed in this Policy this coverage shall not cover any actual or alleged delay 
arising from detention, confiscation or distribution by customs, police or other public authorities. 
 
Endorsement no.42A – BAGGAGE DELAY IN COMMON CARRIER ON BENEFIT BASIS: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy will pay a fixed amount equal to the sum insured specified in the policy schedule/certificate, if the 
insured’s Checked in-Baggage is delayed for more than number of hours as stated in the Policy Schedule / 
Certificate, from the time the insured arrived at the intended destination as stated on the ticket. 
 
Please be informed that 
a)  The payment for this benefit will be limited to the travel destinations as specified in the insured’s travel 
ticket (issued by Common Carrier). Insured must be a ticketed passenger on Common Carrier and must 
provide with written proof of delay from the common carrier. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
In addition to the General Exclusions listed in this Policy this coverage shall not cover any actual or alleged delay 
arising from detention, confiscation or distribution by customs, police or other public authorities. 
 
Endorsement no.43 – BAGGAGE LOSS IN COMMON CARRIER: 
 
a. Coverage 
The policy will reimburse the cost of replacement of the entire baggage and its contents, if the entire piece of 
Checked -in- Baggage, held in the care, custody and control of a Common Carrier is lost due to theft or misdirection 
by a Common Carrier or non- delivery at its destination while the Insured is a ticketed passenger on the Common 
Carrier 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
Please be informed that: 
(a)  Maximum amount to be reimbursed per checked in baggage is 50% of the applicable Sum Insured. 
(b)  Maximum value per Article contained in the checked in baggage is 10% of the applicable Sum Insured. 
(c)  We will not pay more than the sum insured mentioned in the schedule/certificate for all the checked-in 
baggage.  
(d)  The Insured Person has to obtain a property irregularity report from the Carrier confirming the loss.  
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 80 of 101