CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
 
a.  The delay of checked-in baggage is more than certain number of hours  speciﬁed  in  the  Policy 
Schedule/certificate as deductible which is calculated from the actual arrival time of the common carrier 
at the destination and relates to delivery of baggage that has been checked-in by the common carrier. 
b.  Insured/ Insured Person provide the Company with a written proof of delay from the common carrier. 
c.  Insured/Insured Person provides the Company with the receipts for the necessary emergency purchase 
of toiletries, medication and clothing that he/she needed to buy. 
d.  In the event that claims are submitted for Delay of checked-in baggage as well as under the optional covers, 
Total loss of checked-in baggage(Airways), Baggage Delay in Common carrier, Baggage Loss in Common carrier (if opted), 
the higher of the claims shall be payable by the Company in respect of the same item(s) of checked-in 
baggage during any one period of insurance. 
 
The cover is limited to the travel destinations speciﬁed in the main travel ticket from his/her usual place of residence 
and return trip back to usual place of residence along with all halts and via destinations included in the main travel 
ticket. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
b. Special Exclusions applicable to Delay of Checked-in Baggage (Airways): 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this beneﬁt in connection with or in respect of any 
expenses whatsoever incurred by the Insured/Insured Person for: 
 
1  Valuables and money, all kinds of securities and tickets/passes or any other item not declared to, and 
agreed to by the Company. 
2  Loss of property unless a Property Irregularity Report or other report usually issued by common carriers 
in the event of loss of checked-in baggage has been procured and submitted to the Company. 
3  Any partial loss of the items contained within the checked-in baggage. 
4  Items contained within the checked-in baggage, which are valued in excess of INR 5000 without 
appropriate proof of ownership. 
5  Losses arising from any delay, detention, conﬁscation by the customs oﬃcials or other public authorities. 
6  Loss due to complete/partial damage of the checked-in baggage. 
7  Any exclusion mentioned in the “General Exclusions” section of this Policy. 
 
c. Special Conditions applicable to Delay of Checked-in Baggage (Airways): 
1.  If the Company makes any payment under this beneﬁt, it is a condition that any recovery from any 
common carrier by the Insured/Insured Person, under the terms of the Convention for the Uniﬁcation 
of Certain Rules Relating to “Warsaw Convention” shall become the property of the Company. 
 
Endorsement no.12A – DELAY OF CHECKED-IN BAGGAGE ON BENEFIT BASIS (AIRWAYS): 
 
a. Coverage 
The  policy  shall  pay  a  fixed  benefit  as  mentioned  in  the  Policy  Schedule/Certificate,  in  the  event  of  the 
Insured/Insured Person suﬀering delay in scheduled arrival of his/her checked-in baggage caused by a common 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 37 of 101