CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
Clause I. Waiver of Underinsurance applicable to  Chola MS Bharat Griha Raksha Policy 
Underinsurance does not apply to the Bharat Griha Raksha Policy. Thus, if Your Sum 
Insured calculated on the basis of the information that You provided, is less than the actual 
value at risk, the difference will not affect the amount We pay. 
Clause J. Other Details 
1.  Notices 
a.  We will send any notice, letter or communication in writing to You at Your address 
mentioned in the Policy Schedule, and to Your email address that You have registered with 
Us. 
b.  You will send any notice, letter, intimation or communication in writing to Us at Our branch 
office where You purchased this Policy. You can also send it at the address mentioned in the 
Policy Schedule. 
 
2.  Nomination for this Policy 
You can nominate a person to receive the claim amount under this Policy in the event of Your 
death. You can make such nomination at the time You take the Policy, or later. You can also 
change the nomination at any time. You can make the nomination on Our nomination form 
available in Our office or from Our website:www.cholainsurance.com 
 
3.  Arbitration 
If any dispute or difference arises between You and Us regarding the amount of claim to be paid 
under this policy (liability having been admitted by Us), such difference shall independently of 
all other questions, be referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in writing by 
You and Us or if You and We cannot agree upon a single arbitrator within 30 days of either of Us 
opting for arbitration, the same shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators comprising of two 
arbitrators, one to be appointed by each of Us, to the dispute/difference and the third arbitrator 
to be appointed by two such arbitrators and arbitration shall be conducted under and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. 
 
This benefit is over and above the base Sum Insured. Claim under Chola MS Bharat Griha Raksha  will be treated as 
per policy terms and conditions, irrespective of claim settlement under Base CI or PA cover during the policy period 
4.   Territorial Limits: 
The Insurer’s liability to make any payment under this section will be for Insured contingencies occurring within 
the premises named in the Policy. 
Endorsement no.28 – FINANCIAL EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE: 
a. Coverage 
In the event the Insured requires ﬁnancial emergency Assistance following incidents ie. Burglary/ theft of luggage/ 
money or hold up. The Assistance Service provider shall co- ordinate with the Insured’s relatives within India to 
provide emergency cash assistance to the Insured per Insured’s requirement, and make payment for transfer charges 
which has been made through Assistance Service Provider up to the limit of Sum Insured specified in the Policy 
Schedule/Certificate.  
   
This benefit is over and above the Base Sum Insured. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 68 of 101