CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
companions, whether personal or oﬃcial. 
3  Any claim resulting from transmission of an illness or disease by the Insured/ Insured Person. 
4  Any claim for damage resulting from professional activities/ sports involving the Insured/ Insured Person. 
5  Any claim for liability, arising directly  from or due to: 
a)  possession of animals, birds, reptiles, insects etc. and their by- products like skin, hair, feathers, horns, 
fur, ivory, bones, eggs, etc. 
b)  ownership or possession of vehicles, aircrafts, water crafts, or activities of the insured/insured person 
involving parachuting, hand-gliding, hot air ballooning or use of ﬁre arms. 
c)  Any willful, negligent, malicious or unlawful act. 
d)  Insanity, the use of any alcohol/drugs (except as medically prescribed) or drug addiction. 
e)  Any supply of goods or services on the part of the Insured/Insured Person. 
f)  Any ownership or occupation of land or buildings other than the occupation of any temporary 
residence. 
6  Any exclusion mentioned in the ‘General Exclusions’ section of this Policy. 
 
c.  Special Conditions applicable to Personal Liability: 
 
1  The Company shall be responsible for contesting unjustiﬁed claims against the Insured/Insured Person 
and providing indemnity for the damages, which the Insured/Insured Person has to pay. For indemnity to 
be provided against damages, the damages must be payable under an acceptance of liability given or 
approved by the Company or under a judicial decision rendered by a Court of Law. 
2  If there is a legal action in process against the Insured/Insured Person over a personal liability issue, the 
Company may conduct the legal action, including appointment of legal counsel, at the Company’s 
expense in the name of the Insured/Insured Person at the Company’s sole discretion. 
3  The Company will have the right, but in no case the obligation, to take over and conduct in the name of 
the Insured/Insured Person the defense of any claim and will have full discretion in the conduct of any 
proceedings and in the settlement of any claim and having taken over the defense of any claim, the 
Company may relinquish the same. 
4  In the event the Company, in its sole discretion, chooses to exercise its right in pursuance of this condition, 
no action taken by the Company in the exercise of such right will serve to modify or expand in any manner, 
what the Company’s liability or obligations under this Policy would have otherwise been had it not 
exercised its rights under these Special Conditions. 
 
Endorsement no.25 – LEGAL EXPENSES: 
a. Coverage 
The policy shall reimburse the legal costs and expenses incurred by the Insured/ Insured Person, as the case may 
be, towards claims for from third parties for compensation for accidental death or disablement arising due to an 
injury, whilst on a trip, up to the limits speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule. 
 
The beneﬁt under the Section is limited to the Sum Insured as speciﬁed in the Policy Schedule/certificate. 
 
A Deductible as mentioned in the Policy Certificate shall be separately applicable for each and every claim made 
under this Benefit. 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 53 of 101