CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, “DARE House”,  2, N.S.C. Bose Road, Chennai – 600 001. 
Toll free: 1800 208 9100, T: +91 (0) 44 4044 5400, F: +91 (0) 44 4044 5550 
E: customercare@cholams.murugappa.com; website: www.cholainsurance.com        
IRDA Regn. No.123; PAN AABCC6633K CIN U66030TN2001PLC047977 
 
GROUP DOMESTIC TRAVEL INSURANCE 
CHOTGDP23004V012223 
Policy Wordings 
 
iii.  You must give Us authority to see the relevant records and get information about 
the Event and Your loss from the police or any other authority. 
c.  For Optional Cover of Personal Accident, Death  Certificate and Post Mortem report 
(wherever necessary) shall be submitted. 
6.  Fraudulent claim 
If You, or anyone on Your behalf, make a false or fraudulent claim , or support a claim with any 
false or fraudulent statement or documents: 
i.  We will not pay, 
ii.  We can cancel the Policy: in such a case, You will lose all benefits under this Policy and 
premium that You have paid, and 
iii.  We can also inform the police, and start legal proceedings against You. 
7.  Other insurance 
a.  If You have any other policy with Us or any other Insurance Company (taken by You or by 
anyone else for You) covering in whole or in part any claim that You have made under this 
Cover, You have a right to ask for settlement of Your claim under any of these policies. 
b.  If You choose to claim under this cover from Us, We will settle Your claim within the limits 
and the terms and conditions of this cover. 
c.  After We pay the amount under Your claim, We have the right to ask for contribution from 
the Insurers that have given You the other policies. 
d.  We will ensure that Our actions do not impose any liability on You. 
8.  Recovery action by Us 
a.  When We accept and pay Your claim under the cover, We can start legal proceedings to 
recover the amount or property from the third party who has caused the loss or damage to 
Your Home Building or Home Contents. You must give authority to Us to take such action and 
exercise this right effectively, when We request You, whether before or after making 
payment of Your claim. You must give all information, cooperation, assistance and help for 
this purpose. You must not do anything which will prejudice Our right. We can do this 
i.  without seeking Your consent, 
ii.  in Your name, and 
iii.  whether or not Your loss has been fully compensated. 
b.  Any amount We recover from such person will be applied first to the costs of the legal 
proceedings and recovery, then to the claim amount We have paid or must pay to You. We 
will pay You any balance. 
c.  You can start legal proceedings against any person who has caused the loss or damage only 
with Our prior consent, and on conditions that We will impose. You must not compromise or 
settle any claim against such person without Our consent. If You recover any amount from 
such person, You must return to Us the amount We have paid for Your claim. We can take 
over the conduct of legal proceedings that You have started and continue the proceedings in 
Your name. 
Clause H. Changes to covers applicable to  Chola MS Bharat Griha Raksha Policy 
a.  You can choose to make changes to the covers of this Endorsement as may be permitted by 
Us, or increase or reduce any Sum Insured. You must make a proposal or request for any 
change. It will be effective only after We have accepted Your proposal, and You have paid 
the additional premium, where applicable. 
b.  This Policy (including the Policy Schedule, the proposal, declarations and Endorsements) 
consists of the entire contract between You and Us. 
                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 67 of 101