National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 2 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
3.9. Cashless Facility means a facility extended by the Company to the Insured where the payments of the costs of treatment 
undergone by the Insured in accordance with the Policy terms and conditions, are directly made to the Network Provider or 
a Non Network Provider, to the extent pre-authorization approved. 
 
3.10. Condition Precedent means a Policy term or condition upon which the Company’s liability under the Policy is conditional 
upon. 
 
3.11. Congenital Anomaly refers to a condition(s) which is present since birth, and which is abnormal with reference to form, 
structure or position. 
a. Internal Congenital Anomaly 
Congenital anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the body. 
b. External Congenital Anomaly 
Congenital anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts of the body. 
 
3.12. Contract means Prospectus, Proposal, Policy and the policy schedule. Any alteration with the mutual consent of the insured 
person and the insurer can be made only by a duly signed and sealed endorsement on the Policy. 
 
3.13. Co-payment means a cost sharing requirement under a health insurance policy that provides that the policyholder/insured 
will bear a specified percentage of the admissible claims amount. A co-payment does not reduce the Sum Insured. 
 
3.14. Cumulative Bonus means any increase or addition in the Sum Insured granted by the Company without an associated 
increase in premium. 
 
 
3.15. Day Care Centre means any institution established for day care treatment of disease/ injuries or a medical setup within a 
hospital and which has been registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a 
registered and qualified medical practitioner AND must comply with all minimum criteria as under: 
i. 
has qualified nursing staff under its employment; 
ii. has qualified medical practitioner (s) in charge; 
iii. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out 
iv. maintains daily records of patients and shall make these accessible to the Company’s authorized personnel. 
 
3.16. Day Care Treatment means medical treatment, and/or surgical procedure which is: 
i. 
undertaken under general or local anesthesia in a hospital/day care centre in less than twenty four (24) hrs because of 
technological advancement, and 
ii. which would have otherwise required a hospitalisation of more than twenty four hours.  
Treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is not included in the scope of this definition. 
 
3.17. Dental Treatment means a treatment carried out by a dental practitioner including examinations, fillings (where 
appropriate), crowns, extractions and surgery. 
 
3.18. Diagnosis means diagnosis by a medical practitioner, supported by clinical, radiological, histological and laboratory 
evidence, acceptable to the Company. 
 
3.19. Disclosure to information norm: The policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company 
in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact. 
 
3.20. Emergency care means management for an illness or injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly and 
unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a medical practitioner to prevent death or serious long term impairment of the 
insured person's health. 
 
3.21. Family means the Family that consists of the proposer and anyone or more of the family members as mentioned below: 
i. 
Legally wedded spouse. 
ii. Parents and Parents-in-law. 
iii. Dependent Children (i.e. natural or legally adopted) between the age 3 months to 25 years. If the child above 18 years of 
age is financially independent, he or she shall be ineligible for coverage in the subsequent renewals. 
 
3.22. Grace Period means the specified period of time, immediately following the premium due date during which premium 
payment can be made to renew or continue a policy in force without loss of continuity benefits pertaining to Waiting Periods 
and coverage of Pre-Existing Diseases. The Grace Period for payment of the premium shall be thirty days. 
In case of Premium payment in instalments, if the due instalment premium is paid within Grace Period during the Policy 
Period, coverage shall be available during the Grace Period. 
In case of Renewal, Coverage shall not be available during the period for which no premium is received. 
 
3.23. Hospital means any institution established for in-patient care and day care treatment of disease/ injuries and which has been 
registered as a hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010