National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 10 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
3. Any delay in notification or submission may be condoned on merit where delay is proved to be for reasons beyond the control 
of the Insured Person. 
 
9.3. Co-payment 
Each and every claim under the Policy shall be subject to a Co-payment as mentioned below, applicable to claim amount admissible 
and payable as per the terms and conditions of the Policy. The amount payable shall be after deduction of the co-payment. 
• 
Co-payment of 5% on all claims for Insured Person aged less than equal to 75 years on policy inception 
• 
Co-payment of 15% on all claims for Insured Person aged greater than 75 years on policy inception 
 
9.4. Claim Settlement 
i. 
The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 15 days from the date of receipt of last necessary 
document. 
ii. In the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder from the date of 
receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate. 
iii. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall initiate and 
complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document. 
In such cases, the Company shall settle or reject the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document. 
iv. In case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder at a rate 2% above 
the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of claim. 
(Explanation: “Bank rate” shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at the beginning of the financial year in 
which claim has fallen due) 
 
9.5. Services Offered by TPA 
Servicing of claims, i.e., claim admissions and assessments, under this Policy by way of pre-authorization of cashless treatment or 
processing of claims other than cashless claims or both, as per the underlying terms and conditions of the policy.  
The services offered by a TPA shall not include 
i. 
Claim settlement and claim rejection;  
ii. Any services directly to any insured person or to any other person unless such service is in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Agreement entered into with the Company. 
 
9.6. Disclaimer  
If the Company shall disclaim liability to the insured person for any claim hereunder and if the insured person shall not within 
twelve calendar months from the date of receipt of the notice of such disclaimer notify the Company in writing that he does not 
accept such disclaimer and intends to recover his claim from the Company, then the claim shall for all purposes be deemed to have 
been abandoned and shall not thereafter be recoverable hereunder. 
 
9.7. Payment of Claim 
All claims under the policy shall be payable in Indian currency and through NEFT/ RTGS only. 
 
10. GENERAL TERMS &CONDITIONS 
10.1. Disclosure of Information 
The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of misrepresentation, mis 
description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the policyholder. 
(Explanation: "Material facts" for the purpose of this policy shall mean all relevant information sought by the company in the 
proposal form and other connected documents to enable it to take informed decision in the context of underwriting the risk) 
 
10.2. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability 
The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the insured person for the Company to make any payment for claim(s) 
arising under the policy. 
 
10.3. Material Change 
The Insured shall notify the Company in writing of any material change in the risk in relation to the declaration made in the proposal 
form or medical examination report at each Renewal and the Company may, adjust the scope of cover and / or premium, if necessary, 
accordingly.  
 
10.4. Records to be Maintained 
The Insured Person shall keep an accurate record containing all relevant medical records and shall allow the Company or its 
representatives to inspect such records. The Policyholder or Insured Person shall furnish such information as the Company may 
require for settlement of any claim under the Policy, within reasonable time limit and within the time limit specified in the Policy 
 
10.5. Complete Discharge 
Any payment to the policyholder, Insured Person or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or assignee or to the 
Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the Policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of claim by the 
Company to the extent of then amount for the particular claim.