National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 12 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
10.13. Migration 
The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy to an alternative health insurance product offered by the Company by 
applying for Migration of the policy at least 30 days before the policy renewal date as per extant Guidelines related to Migration. If 
such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under this Policy offered by the Company, 
i.     The Insured Person will get all the accrued continuity benefits for credits gained to the extent of the specific waiting periods, 
waiting period for pre-existing diseases and Moratorium period of the Insured Person. 
ii.   Migration benefit will be offered to the extent of Sum Insured and accrued Cumulative Bonus (as part of the sum insured) of 
the previous policy. Migration benefit shall not apply to any other additional increased Sum Insured. 
The Proposal may be subject to fresh Underwriting as per terms of conditions of the migrated product, if the insured is not 
continuously covered for at least 36 months under the previous product 
 
10.14. Portability 
The Insured Person will have the option to port the Policy to other insurers by applying to such Insurer to port the entire policy 
along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 15 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date, 
as per IRDAI guidelines related to Portability. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any 
lapses under this Policy offered by the Company, 
i.       The proposed Insured Person will get all the accrued continuity benefits for specific waiting periods, waiting period for 
pre-existing diseases and Moratorium period of the Insured Person under the previous health insurance Policy. 
ii.     Portability benefit will be offered to the extent of Sum Insured and accrued Cumulative Bonus (as part of the sum 
insured) of the previous policy. Portability benefit shall not apply to any other additional increased Sum Insured. 
 
10.15.  Renewal of Policy 
i. 
The policy shall be renewable provided the product is not withdrawn, except in case of established fraud or non-disclosure or 
misrepresentation by the Insured. If the product is withdrawn, the policyholder shall be provided with suitable options to migrate 
to other similar health insurance products/plans offered by the Company. 
ii. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give any notice for 
renewal. 
iii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy years. 
iv. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the policy period. 
v. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days to maintain 
continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the Grace Period. 
vi. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience. 
vii. In case of non-continuance of the Policy by the Insured (due to death or any other valid and acceptable reason): 
• The Policy may be renewed by any Insured Person above eighteen (18) years of age, as the Insured. 
• Where only children (less than eighteen years of age) are covered, the Policy shall be allowed till the expiry of the Policy 
period. The legal guardian may be allowed to renew the Policy as Proposer, covering the children. 
 
10.16. Premium Payment in Installments 
If the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an installment basis i.e. Half Yearly or Quarterly, as mentioned in 
Your Policy Schedule/Certificate of Insurance, the following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary 
elsewhere in the Policy) 
i. 
Grace Period (as defined) would be given to pay the instalment premium due for the policy.  
ii. If Installment Premium is not paid within Grace Period, the Policy shall be cancelled and no refund shall be allowed. 
However, if the premium is paid in instalments within the Grace Period, coverage shall be available during the Grace Period. 
iii. ln case of instalment premium due not received within the Grace Period, the Policy will get cancelled.  
iv. In case of a claim being admissible under the Policy, all the remaining installments for the Policy Period shall become due 
and payable immediately.  
v. Change of Premium Paying Frequency can be opted only at the time of renewal. 
vi. In case of installment premium due not received within the grace Period, the Policy will get cancelled ab-initio. 
 
10.17. Withdrawal of Product 
i. In the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90 
days prior to expiry of the policy. 
ii. Insured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at the time of 
renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI guidelines, 
provided the policy has been maintained without a break. 
 
10.18. Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates  
The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the policy including the premium rates. The 
insured person shall be notified before the changes are effected. 
 
10.19.  Free look period 
The Free Look Period shall be applicable at the inception of the Policy and not on renewals or at the time of porting the policy. 
The insured person shall be allowed free look period of thirty (30) days from date of receipt of the policy document to review the 
terms and conditions of the policy. If he/she is not satisfied with any of the terms and conditions, he/she has the option to cancel 
his/her policy. This option is available in case of policies with a term of one year or more.