National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 5 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
3.55. Third Party Administrator (TPA) means a Company registered with the Authority, and engaged by an insurer, for a fee or 
remuneration, by whatever name called and as may be mentioned in the agreement, for providing health services.  
Note: If opted for TPA service, TPA details are mentioned in the Policy Schedule. 
 
3.56. Waiting Period means a period from the inception of this Policy during which specified diseases/treatments are not covered. 
On completion of the period, diseases/treatments shall be covered provided the Policy has been continuously renewed without 
any break.  
 
4. COVERAGE 
The covers listed below are in-built Policy benefits and shall be available to all Insured Persons in accordance with the procedures 
set out in this Policy. 
 
4.1. Hospitalization 
The Company shall indemnify Medical Expense incurred for Hospitalization of the Insured Person during the Policy Period, up to 
the Sum Insured and Cumulative Bonus specified in the Policy Schedule, for, 
i. 
Room Rent, Boarding, Nursing Expenses all inclusive as provided by the Hospital / Nursing Home up to 2% of the sum insured 
subject to maximum of Rs. 5,000/-per day 
ii. Intensive Care Unit (ICU) / Intensive Cardiac Care Unit (ICCU) expenses up to 5% of the sum insured subject to maximum of 
Rs. 10,000/- per day 
iii. Surgeon, Anesthetist, Medical Practitioner, Consultants, Specialist Fees whether paid directly to the treating doctor/ surgeon or 
to the hospital 
iv. Anesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre charges, surgical appliances, medicines and drugs, costs towards diagnostics, 
diagnostic imaging modalities and such similar other expenses. 
 
4.1.1. Other expenses 
i. 
Expenses incurred on treatment of cataract subject to the sub limits 
ii. Dental treatment, necessitated due to disease or injury  
iii. Plastic surgery necessitated due to disease or injury  
iv. All the day care treatments 
v. Expenses incurred on road Ambulance subject to a maximum of Rs 2,000 per hospitalization. 
Note: 
1. Expenses of Hospitalization for a minimum period of 24 consecutive hours only shall be admissible. However, the time limit 
shall not apply in respect of Day Care Treatment. 
2. In case of admission to a Room at rates exceeding the aforesaid limits, the reimbursement/payment of Associated Medical 
Expenses incurred at the Hospital, shall be effected in the same proportion as the admissible rate per day bears to the actual rate per 
day of Room Rent charges. Proportionate deduction shall not apply if admitted to ICU/ ICCU. 
Associated Medical Expenses shall include all related expenses except the following expenses, 
a. Cost of pharmacy and consumables;  
b. Cost of implants and medical devices  
c. Cost of diagnostics 
 
3. Sub limits as mentioned above, will not apply in case of treatment undergone as a package for a listed procedure in a Preferred 
Provider Network (PPN). 
4. Listed procedures and Preferred Provider Network list are dynamic in nature, and will be updated in the Company’s website from 
time to time 
 
4.2. AYUSH Treatment 
The Company shall indemnify Medical Expenses incurred for Inpatient Care treatment under Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, 
Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy systems of medicines during each Policy Period up to the limit of sum insured as specified in the 
policy schedule in any AYUSH Hospital. 
 
4.3. Cataract Treatment 
The Company shall indemnify medical expenses incurred for treatment of Cataract, subject to a limit of 25% of Sum Insured or INR 
40,000 per eye, whichever is lower, per each eye in one Policy Period. 
 
4.4. Pre Hospitalisation 
The Company shall indemnify pre-hospitalization medical expenses incurred, related to an admissible hospitalization requiring 
Inpatient Care, for a fixed period of 30 days prior to the date of admissible Hospitalization covered under the Policy. 
 
4.5. Post Hospitalisation 
The Company shall indemnify post hospitalization medical expenses incurred, related to an admissible hospitalization requiring 
inpatient care, for a fixed period of 60 days from the date of discharge from the hospital, following an admissible hospitalization 
covered under the Policy. 
 
4.6. Modern Treatment 
The following procedures will be covered (wherever medically indicated) either as in patient or as part of day care treatment in a  
hospital subject to the limit of 50% of the Sum Insured for the related modern procedure/ component/ medicine of each Modern