National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 3 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
or under the enactments specified under Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act, OR complies with all minimum criteria 
as under: 
i. 
has qualified nursing staff under its employment round the clock; 
ii. has at least ten (10) inpatient beds, in those towns having a population of less than ten lacs and fifteen inpatient beds in 
all other places; 
iii. has qualified medical practitioner (s) in charge round the clock; 
iv. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where surgical procedures are carried out  
v. maintains daily records of patients and shall make these accessible to the Company’s authorized personnel. 
 
3.24. Hospitalisation means admission in a hospital for a minimum period of twenty four (24) consecutive ‘In-patient care’ hours 
except for procedures/ treatments, where such admission could be for a period of less than twenty four (24) consecutive 
hours. 
 
3.25. I D card means the card issued to the Insured person by the TPA for availing Cashless Facility. 
 
3.26. Illness means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the impairment of normal physiological function 
which manifests itself during the policy period and requires medical treatment. 
i. 
Acute Condition means a disease, illness or injury that is likely to response quickly to treatment which aims to return the 
person to his or her state of health immediately before suffering the disease/ illness/ injury which leads to full recovery. 
ii. Chronic Condition means a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more of the following characteristics 
a) it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-ups, and / or tests 
b) it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms 
c) it requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the patient to be special trained to cope with it 
d) it continues indefinitely 
e) it recurs or is likely to recur 
 
3.27. Injury means accidental physical bodily harm excluding illness or disease solely and directly caused by external, violent 
and visible and evident means which is verified and certified by a medical practitioner. 
 
3.28. In-Patient Care means treatment for which the insured person has to stay in a hospital for more than twenty four (24) hours 
for a covered event. 
 
3.29. Insured / Insured Person means person(s) named in the schedule of the Policy. 
 
3.30. Intensive Care Unit means an identified section, ward or wing of a hospital which is under the constant supervision of a 
dedicated medical practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped for the continuous monitoring and treatment of patients 
who are in a critical condition, or require life support facilities and where the level of care and supervision is considerably 
more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards. 
 
3.31. ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses on a per day basis 
which shall include the expenses for ICU bed, general medical support services provided to any ICU patient including 
monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges. 
 
3.32. Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from a Medical Practitioner including the issue of any prescription or 
follow up prescription. 
 
3.33. Medical Expenses means those expenses that an insured person has necessarily and actually incurred for medical treatment 
on account of illness or accident on the advice of a medical practitioner, as long as these are no more than would have been 
payable if the insured person had not been insured and no more than other hospitals or doctors in the same locality would 
have charged for the same medical treatment. 
 
3.34. Medically Necessary Treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, or stay in hospital or part of a stay in hospital 
which 
i. is required for the medical management of illness or injury suffered by the insured ; 
ii. must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical care in scope, duration, or 
intensity; 
iii. must have been prescribed by a medical practitioner; 
iv. must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the medical 
community in India. 
 
3.35. Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any state or Medical 
Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a State Government 
and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of the 
licence.