National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 11 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
10.6. Notice & Communication 
i. 
Any notice, direction, instruction or any other communication related to the Policy should be made in writing. 
ii. Such communication shall be sent to the address of the Company or through any other electronic modes specified in the Policy 
Schedule. 
iii. The Company shall communicate to the Insured at the address or through any other electronic mode mentioned in the schedule. 
 
10.7. Territorial Limit 
All medical treatment for the purpose of this insurance will have to be taken in India only. 
 
10.8. Multiple Policies 
i. 
In case of multiple policies taken by an insured person during a period from one or more insurers to indemnify treatment costs, 
the insured person shall have the right to require a settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of his/her policies. In all such 
cases the insurer chosen by the insured person shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim is within the limits of and 
according to the terms of the chosen policy. 
ii. Insured person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this policy for the amounts disallowed 
under any other policy / policies. Then the insurer shall independently settle the claim subject to the terms and conditions of 
this policy. 
iii. If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum insured under a single policy, the insured person shall have the right to choose 
insurer from whom he/she wants to claim the balance amount. 
iv. Where an insured person has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, the insured person 
shall only be indemnified the treatment costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy. 
 
10.9. Fraud  
If any claim made by the insured person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or used in 
support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by the insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain 
any benefit under this policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited. 
Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be repaid by all 
recipient(s)/policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the 
insurer. 
For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by the insured person or by his 
agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the insured person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the 
insurer to issue an insurance policy: 
a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and which the insured  person does not believe to be true; 
b) the active concealment of a fact by the insured person having knowledge or belief of the fact; 
c) any other act fitted to deceive; and 
d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent 
The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the insured person / 
beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress 
the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer. 
 
 
10.10. Cancellation 
i. The Company may cancel the policy at any time, on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or 
established fraud by the insured person by giving 15 days’ written notice. There would be no refund of premium on 
cancellation on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud. 
ii. The policyholder may cancel his/her policy at any time during the term, by giving 7 days notice in writing. The Company 
shall refund proportionate premium for unexpired policy period, if there is no claim(s) made during the policy period.  
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in respect of Cancellation where, 
any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any Benefit has been availed under the Policy. 
 
10.11. Territorial Jurisdiction 
All disputes or differences under or in relation to the interpretation of the terms, conditions, validity, construct, limitations and/or 
exclusions contained in the Policy shall be determined by the Indian court and according to Indian law. 
 
10.12.  Arbitration 
i. 
If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid by the Policy, (liability being otherwise admitted) such 
difference shall independently of all other questions, be referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in writing 
by the parties here to or if they cannot agree upon a single arbitrator within thirty days of any party invoking arbitration, the 
same shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators, comprising two arbitrators, one to be appointed by each of the parties to 
the dispute/difference and the third arbitrator to be appointed by such two arbitrators and arbitration shall be conducted under 
and in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996, as amended by Arbitration and 
Conciliation (Amendment) Act, 2015 (No. 3 of 2016). 
ii. It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference or dispute shall be referable to arbitration as herein before provided, if the 
Company has disputed or not accepted liability under or in respect of the policy. 
iii. It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or suit upon the policy 
that award by such arbitrator/arbitrators of the amount of expenses shall be first obtained.