National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 7 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
except claims arising due to an accident, provided the same are covered. 
b) This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has Continuous Coverage for more than 12 (twelve) months. 
c) The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting higher sum 
insured subsequently.  
.  
6.3. Specified disease/procedure waiting period (Excl 02) 
a) Expenses related to the treatment of the listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 
(twenty four) months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first policy with us. This exclusion shall not 
be applicable for claims arising due to an accident 
b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase. 
c) If any of the specified disease/procedure falls under the waiting period specified for Pre-Existing Diseases, then the longer 
of the two waiting periods shall apply. 
d) The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the policy or declared and accepted without a 
specific exclusion. 
e) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the applicable norms on portability 
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. 
f) 
List of specific diseases/procedures 
i. 
24 Months waiting period 
1. Benign ENT disorders 
2. Tonsillectomy 
3. Adenoidectomy 
4. Mastoidectomy 
5. Tympanoplasty 
6. Hysterectomy 
7. All internal and external benign tumours, 
cysts, polyps of any kind, including 
benign breast lumps 
8. Benign prostate hypertrophy 
9. Cataract and age related eye ailments 
10. Gastric/ Duodenal Ulcer 
11. Gout and Rheumatism 
12. Hernia of all types 
13. Hydrocele 
14. Non Infective Arthritis 
15. Piles, Fissures and Fistula in anus 
16. Pilonidal sinus, Sinusitis and related disorders 
17. Prolapse inter Vertebral Disc and Spinal 
Diseases unless arising from accident 
18. Calculi in urinary system, Gall Bladder and 
Bile duct, excluding malignancy. 
19. Varicose Veins and Varicose Ulcers 
20. Internal Congenital Anomalies 
ii. 
36 Months waiting period 
1. Treatment for joint replacement unless arising from accident 
2. Age-related Osteoarthritis & Osteoporosis 
 
7. EXCLUSIONS 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under the policy, in respect of any expenses incurred in connection with or 
in respect of: 
 
7.1. Investigation & Evaluation (Code – Excl 04)  
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded. 
b) Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded. 
 
7.2. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code- Excl 05) 
a) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes: 
i. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such 
as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons. 
ii. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs. 
 
7.3. Obesity/ Weight Control (Code- Excl 06) 
Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions: 
1. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor  
2. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols  
3. The member has to be 18 years of age or older and 
 
4. Body Mass Index (BMI); 
 
a) greater than or equal to 40 or 
 
b) greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less invasive 
methods of weight loss: 
i. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy 
ii. Coronary heart disease 
iii. Severe Sleep Apnea 
iv. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes 
 
7.4. Change-of-Gender treatments (Code – Excl 07) 
 
Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical management, to change characteristics of the body to those of the opposite 
sex.