National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 4 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
3.36. Migration means a facility provided to policyholders (including all members under family cover and members of group 
Health insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, from one health 
insurance policy to another with the same insurer. 
 
3.37. New Born Baby means baby born during the policy period and is aged upto 90 days. 
 
3.38. Network Provider means Hospitals or Day Care Centers enlisted by the Company, TPA or jointly by the Company and 
TPA to provide medical services to an Insured Person by a Cashless Facility. 
 
3.39. Non- Network Provider means any Hospital, Day Care Centre that is not part of the network. 
 
3.40. Notification of Claim means the process of intimating a claim to the Company or TPA through any of the recognized modes 
of communication.  
 
3.41. Out-Patient (OPD) Treatment means treatment in which the insured visits a clinic / hospital or associated facility like a 
consultation room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice of a medical practitioner. The insured is not admitted as 
a day care or in-patient. 
 
3.42. Pre Existing Disease means any condition, ailment, injury or disease 
a. 
That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 36 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the 
Company or 
b. For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 36 months prior 
to the effective date of the policy or its reinstatement. 
 
3.43. Pre-hospitalisation Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during the period of 30 days preceding the 
hospitalisation of the Insured Person, provided that: 
i. Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalisation was required, and 
ii. The In-patient Hospitalisation claim for such Hospitalisation is admissible by the Insurance Company. 
 
3.44. Post-hospitalisation Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during the period of 60 days immediately after 
the insured person is discharged from the hospital provided that: 
i. Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for which the insured person’s hospitalisation was required, and 
ii. The inpatient hospitalisation claim for such hospitalisation is admissible by the Insurance Company. 
 
3.45. Policy means these Policy wordings, the Policy Schedule and any applicable endorsements or extensions attaching to or 
forming part thereof. The Policy contains details of the extent of cover available to the Insured person, what is excluded from 
the cover and the terms & conditions on which the Policy is issued to the Insured person 
 
3.46. Policy Period means period of one year as mentioned in the schedule for which the Policy is issued. 
 
3.47. Policy Schedule means the Policy Schedule attached to and forming part of Policy. 
 
 
3.48. Portability means a facility provided to the policyholders (including all members under family cover), to transfer the credits 
gained for, Pre-Existing Diseases and Specific Waiting Periods from one insurer to another insurer. 
 
 
3.49. Qualified Nurse means a person who holds a valid registration from the Nursing Council of India or the Nursing Council of 
any state in India. 
 
3.50. Renewal means the terms on which the contract of insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a provision of grace 
period for treating the renewal continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-existing diseases, time-bound exclusions 
and for all waiting periods. 
 
 
3.51. Room Rent means the amount charged by a hospital towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall include the associated 
charges. 
 
3.52. Sub-limit means a cost sharing requirement under a health insurance policy in which an insurer would not be liable to pay 
any amount in excess of the pre-defined limit. 
 
 
3.53. Sum Insured means the pre-defined limit specified in the Policy Schedule. Sum Insured and Cumulative Bonus represents 
the maximum, total and cumulative liability for any and all claims made under the Policy, in respect of that Insured Person 
(on Individual basis) or all Insured Persons (on Floater basis) during the Policy Period. 
 
3.54. Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and / or operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an illness or injury, 
correction of deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief of suffering and prolongation of life, performed 
in a hospital or day care centre by a medical practitioner.