National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 9 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
 
7.19. 
Treatment taken outside the geographical limits of India 
 
8. Moratorium Period:  
After completion of sixty continuous months of coverage (including Portability and Migration), no claim shall be contestable by the 
Company on grounds of non-disclosure, misrepresentation, except on grounds of established fraud. This period of sixty continuous 
months is called as Moratorium Period. The moratorium would be applicable for the Basic Sums Insured of the first policy. 
Wherever, the Basic Sum Insured is enhanced, completion of sixty continuous months would be applicable from the date of 
enhancement of Basic Sums Insured only on the enhanced limits. 
 
9. CLAIM PROCEDURE 
9.1.1 Procedure for Cashless claims: 
(i) 
Cashless Facility can be availed, if TPA service is opted. 
(ii) Treatment may be taken in a Network Provider / PPN or Non Network Provider and is subject to preauthorization by the 
Company or its authorized TPA. 
(iii) Cashless request form available with the network provider and TPA shall be completed and sent to the Company/TPA for 
authorization.  
(iv) The Company/ TPA upon getting cashless request form and related medical information from the insured person/ network 
provider will issue pre-authorization letter within an hour to the hospital after verification.  
(v) At the time of discharge, the insured person has to verify and sign the discharge papers, pay for non-medical and inadmissible 
expenses.  
(vi) The TPA shall grant the final authorization within three hours of the receipt of discharge authorization request from the 
Hospital. 
(vii) The Company / TPA reserves the right to deny pre-authorization in case the insured person is unable to provide the relevant 
medical details.  
(viii) In case of denial of cashless access, the insured person may obtain the treatment as per treating doctor's advice and submit the 
claim documents to the Company / TPA for reimbursement processing. 
 
9.1.2 Procedure for Reimbursement of Claims 
For reimbursement of claims the Insured Person shall submit the necessary documents to TPA (if claim is processed by 
TPA)/Company within the prescribed time limit as specified hereunder. 
Sl. 
No. 
Type of claim 
Prescribed Time limit  
1. 
Reimbursement of hospitalisation, day care and pre hospitalisation 
expenses 
Within thirty days of date of discharge 
from hospital 
2. 
Reimbursement of post hospitalisation expenses 
Within fifteen days from completion of 
post hospitalisation treatment 
 
9.1. Notification of Claim 
Notice with full particulars shall be sent to the Company/ TPA (if applicable) as under: 
i. 
Within 24hours from the date of emergency hospitalization required or before the Insured Person’s discharge from Hospital, 
whichever is earlier. 
ii. At least 48 hours prior to admission in Hospital in case of a planned Hospitalization. 
 
 
9.2. Documents to be submitted 
The reimbursement claim is to be supported with the following documents and submitted within the prescribed time limit. 
i. 
Duly completed claim form 
ii. Photo Identity proof of the patient 
iii. Medical practitioner’s prescription advising admission. 
iv. Original bills with itemized break-up  
v. Payment receipts 
vi. Discharge summary including complete medical history of the patient along with other details. 
vii. Investigation/ Diagnostic test reports etc. supported by the prescription from attending medical practitioner 
viii. OT notes or Surgeon's certificate giving details of the operation performed (for surgical cases). 
ix. Sticker/Invoice of the Implants, wherever applicable. 
x. MLR (Medico Legal Report copy if carried out and FIR (First information report) if registered, where ever applicable. 
xi. NEFT Details (to enable direct credit of claim amount in bank account) and cancelled cheque 
xii. KYC (Identity proof with Address) of the proposer, where claim liability is above Rs. 1 Lakh as per AML Guidelines 
xiii. Legal heir/succession certificate, wherever applicable 
xiv. Any other relevant document required by Company/TPA for assessment of the claim. 
Note: 
1. The company shall only accept bills/invoices/medical treatment related documents only in the Insured Person's name for whom 
the claim is submitted 
2. In the event of a claim lodged under the Policy and the original documents having been submitted to any other insurer, the 
Company shall accept the copy of the documents and claim settlement advice, duly certified by the other insurer subject to 
satisfaction of the Company