National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 8 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
7.5. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code – Excl 08) 
Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, 
Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this 
to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner. 
 
7.6. Hazardous or Adventure sports: (Code – Excl 09) 
 
Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports, including but 
not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky 
diving, deep-sea diving. 
 
7.7. Breach of law (Code – Excl 10) 
Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach 
of law with criminal intent. 
 
7.8. Excluded Providers (Code – Excl 11) 
Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider specifically excluded by 
the Company and disclosed in its website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening 
situations following an accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim. 
 
7.9. Drug/Alcohol Abuse (Excl 12) 
Treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof (Excl 12) 
 
7.10. Non Medical Admissions (Excl 13) 
Treatments received in health hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing 
home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons (Excl 13) 
 
7.11. Vitamins, Tonics (Excl 14) 
Dietary supplements and substances that can be purchased without prescription, including but not limited to Vitamins, minerals 
and organic substances unless prescribed by a medical practitioners part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure 
 
7.12. Refractive Error (Code – Excl 15) 
Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres. 
 
7.13. Unproven Treatments (Code – Excl 16) 
Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are 
treatments, procedures or supplies that lack significant medical documentation to support their effectiveness. 
 
7.14. 
Sterility and Infertility (Code – Excl 17) 
Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes:  
i. Any type of sterilization 
ii. Assisted Reproduction services including artificial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, 
ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI 
iii. Gestational Surrogacy 
iv. Reversal of sterilization 
 
7.15. 
Maternity Expenses (Code – Excl 18) 
i. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred 
during hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy; 
ii. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the policy 
period. 
 
7.16. War (whether declared or not) and war like occurrence or invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities, civil war, rebellion, 
revolutions, insurrections, mutiny, military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraints and detainment of all kinds. 
 
7.17. 
Nuclear, chemical or biological attack or weapons, contributed to, caused by, resulting from or from any other cause or 
event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss, claim or expense. For the purpose of this exclusion: 
a) Nuclear attack or weapons means the use of any nuclear weapon or device or waste or combustion of nuclear fuel or the 
emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of fissile/ fusion material emitting a level of radioactivity capable of causing 
any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death. 
b) Chemical attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid or gaseous chemical 
compound which, when suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death. 
c) Biological attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any pathogenic (disease producing) 
micro-organisms and/or biologically produced toxins (including genetically modified organisms and chemically synthesized 
toxins) which are capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement or death. 
 
7.18. 
Any expenses incurred on Domiciliary Hospitalization and OPD treatment