National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 6 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
Treatment during the Policy Period: 
Modern Treatment 
Coverage 
UAE & HIFU 
Limit is for Procedure cost only 
Balloon Sinuplasty 
Limit is for Balloon cost only 
Deep Brain Stimulation 
Limit is for implants including batteries only 
Oral Chemotherapy 
Only cost of medicines payable under this limit, other incidental charges like investigations and consultation 
charges not payable. 
Immunotherapy 
Limit is for cost of injections only. 
Intravitreal injections 
Limit is for complete treatment, including Pre & Post Hospitalization 
Robotic Surgery 
Limit is for robotic component only. 
Stereotactic Radio 
surgeries 
Limit is for radiation procedure. 
Bronchial Thermoplasty 
Limit is for complete treatment, including Pre & Post Hospitalization 
Vaporization of the 
prostrate 
Limit is for LASER component only. 
IONM 
Limit is for IONM procedure only. 
Stem cell therapy 
Limit is for complete treatment, including Pre & Post Hospitalization 
 
4.7. The expenses that are not covered in this policy are placed under List-l of Annexure-A. The list of expenses that are to be 
subsumed into room charges, or procedure charges or costs of treatment are placed under List-II, List-III and List-IV of 
Annexure-A respectively. 
 
5. CUMULATIVE BONUS (CB) 
Cumulative Bonus will be increased by 5% in respect of each claim free Policy Period (where no claims are reported and admitted), 
provided the policy is renewed with the company without a break subject to maximum of 50% of the sum insured under the current 
Policy Period. 
If a claim is made in any particular year, the cumulative bonus accrued shall be reduced at the same rate at which it has accrued. 
However, sum insured will be maintained and will not be reduced in the Policy Period.  
Notes: 
i. In case where the policy is on individual basis, the CB shall be added and available individually to the insured person if no claim 
has been reported. CB shall reduce only in case of claim from the same Insured Person. 
ii. In case where the policy is on floater basis, the CB shall be added and available to the family on floater basis, provided no claim 
has been reported from any member of the family. CB shall reduce in case of claim from any of the Insured Persons. 
iii. CB shall be available only if the Policy is renewed/ premium paid within the Grace Period. 
iv. If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered on an individual basis as specified in the Policy Schedule and there is 
an accumulated CB for each Insured Person under the expiring policy, and such expiring policy has been Renewed on a floater 
policy basis as specified in the Policy Schedule then the CB to be carried forward for credit in such Renewed Policy shall be the 
one that is applicable to the lowest among all the Insured Persons 
v. In case of floater policies where Insured Persons Renew their expiring policy by splitting the Sum Insured in to two or more 
floater policies/individual policies or in cases where the policy is split due to the child attaining the age of 25 years, the CB of 
the expiring policy shall be apportioned to such Renewed Policies in the proportion of the Sum Insured of each Renewed Policy 
vi. If the Sum Insured has been reduced at the time of Renewal, the applicable CB shall be reduced in the same proportion to the 
Sum Insured in current Policy. 
vii. If the Sum Insured under the Policy has been increased at the time of Renewal the CB shall be calculated on the Sum Insured of 
the last completed Policy Period. 
viii. If a claim is made in the expiring Policy Period, and is notified to Us after the acceptance of Renewal premium any awarded CB 
shall be withdrawn. 
ix. The Cumulative Bonus will not be accumulated in excess of 50% of the Sum Insured under the current Policy with Us under 
any circumstances. 
x. Any Cumulative Bonus that has accrued for a Policy Period will be credited at the end of that Policy Period if the policy is 
renewed with us within grace period and will be available for any claims made in the subsequent Policy Period. 
 
6. WAITING PERIOD 
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under the policy in connection with or in respect of following expenses till 
the expiry of waiting period mentioned below: 
 
6.1. Pre-Existing Diseases (Excl 01) 
a) Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-Existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the 
expiry of 36 (thirty six) months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the first policy with us.  
b) In case of enhancement of sum insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of sum insured increase. 
c) If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as defined under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI 
(Health Insurance) Regulations then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. 
d) Coverage under the policy after the expiry of 36 (thirty six) months for any pre-existing disease is subject to the same being 
declared at the time of application and accepted by us. 
 
6.2. First 30 days waiting period (Excl 03) 
a) Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 30 days from the first policy commencement date shall be excluded