National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 13 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
If the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to 
i. 
a refund of the premium paid less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the insured person and 
the stamp duty charges; or 
ii. where the risk has already commenced and the option of return of the Policy is exercised by the insured, a deduction towards 
the proportionate risk premium for period of cover or 
iii. Where only a part of the insurance coverage has commenced, such proportionate premium commensurate with the insurance 
coverage during such period. 
 
10.20. Endorsements (Changes in Policy) 
i. 
This policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. This Policy cannot be modified by anyone (including an insurance 
agent or broker) except the company. Any change made by the company shall be evidenced by a written endorsement signed 
and stamped. 
ii. The policyholder may be changed only at the time of renewal. The new policyholder must be the legal heir/immediate family 
member. Such change would be subject to acceptance by the company and payment of premium (if any). The renewed Policy 
shall be treated as having been renewed without break. 
The policyholder may be changed during the Policy Period only in case of his/her demise or him/her moving out of India. 
 
10.21. Change of Sum Insured 
Sum insured can be changed (increased/ decreased) only at the time of renewal or any time, subject to underwriting by the Company. 
For any increase in SI, the waiting period shall start afresh for the incremental portion of the sum insured. 
 
10.22. Terms and condition of the Policy 
The terms and conditions contained herein and in the Policy Schedule shall be deemed to form part of the Policy and shall be read 
together as one document. 
 
10.23. Nomination 
The policyholder is required at the inception of the policy to make a nomination for the purpose of payment of claims under the 
policy in the event of death of the policyholder. Any change of nomination shall be communicated to the company in writing and 
such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on the policy is made. For Claim settlement under reimbursement, the 
Company will pay the policyholder. In the event of death of the policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee {as named in the 
Policy Schedule/Policy Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal 
representatives of the Policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under the Policy 
 
11. REDRESSAL OF GRIEVANCE 
In case of any grievance related to the Policy, the insured person may submit in writing to the Policy Issuing Office or Grievance 
cell at Regional Office of the Company for redressal. If the grievance remains unaddressed, the insured person may contact: 
Customer Relationship Management Dept., National Insurance Company Limited, Premises No. 18-0374, Plot no. CBD-81, New 
Town, Kolkata - 700156, email: customer.relations@nic.co.in, griho@nic.co.in 
For 
more 
information 
on 
grievance 
mechanism, 
and 
to 
download 
grievance 
form, 
visit 
our 
website https://nationalinsurance.nic.co.in 
Bima Bharosa (an Integrated Grievance Management System earlier known as IGMS) - https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in/ 
Insurance Ombudsman – The Insured person can also approach the office of Insurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region 
for redressal of grievance as listed in Annexure-B.  The updated list of Office of Insurance Ombudsman are available on IRDAI 
website: https://irdai.gov.in/ and on the website of Council for Insurance Ombudsman: https://www.cioins.co.in/ 
Helpline Number: 1800 345 0330 
Dedicated Email ID for Senior Citizens: health.srcitizens@nic.co.in