National Insurance Co. Ltd. 
Regd. & Head Office: Premises No. 18-0374, 
Plot no. CBD-81, New Town, Kolkata - 700156 
Page 1 of 16 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
UIN: NICHLIP25041V022425 
 
National Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
CIN - U10200WB1906GOI001713 
 
IRDAI Regn. No. - 58 
 
Arogya Sanjeevani Policy - National 
1. PREAMBLE 
This Policy is a contract of insurance issued by National Insurance Co. Ltd. (hereinafter called the ‘Company’) to the Proposer 
mentioned in the Schedule (hereinafter called the ‘Insured’) to cover the person(s) named in the schedule (hereinafter called the 
‘Insured Persons’). The Policy is based on the statements and declaration provided in the Proposal Form by the Proposer and is 
subject to receipt of the requisite premium. 
 
 
2. OPERATIVE CLAUSE 
If during the Policy Period one or more Insured Person (s) is required to be hospitalized for treatment of an Illness or Injury at a 
Hospital/ Day Care Center, following Medical Advice of a duly qualified Medical Practitioner, the Company shall indemnify 
Medically Necessary, expenses towards the Coverage mentioned hereunder. 
Provided further that, any amount payable under the Policy shall be subject to the terms of coverage (including any co-pay, sub 
limits), exclusions, conditions and definitions contained herein. Maximum liability of the Company under all such Claims during 
each Policy Period shall be the Sum Insured (Individual or Floater) opted and Cumulative Bonus (if any) specified in the Schedule. 
 
3. DEFINITIONS 
The terms defined below and at other junctures in the Policy have the meanings ascribed to them wherever they appear in this 
Policy and, where , the context so requires, references to the singular include references to the plural; references to the male 
includes the female and references to any statutory enactment includes subsequent changes to the same. 
 
3.1. Accident means a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means. 
 
3.2. Age / Aged means completed years of the Insured person on last birthday as on date of commencement of the Policy. 
 
3.3. AIDS means Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, a condition characterised by a combination of signs and symptoms, 
caused by Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), which attacks and weakens the body’s immune system making the HIV-
positive person susceptible to life threatening conditions or other conditions, as may be specified from time to time. 
 
3.4. Any One Illness means continuous period of illness and it includes relapse within forty five days from the date of last 
consultation with the hospital where treatment has been taken. 
 
3.5. AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health Centre (PHC), 
Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such health centre which is registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, 
and having facilities for carrying out treatment procedures and medical or surgical/para-surgical interventions or both under 
the supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner (s) on day care basis without in-patient services and must comply 
with all the following criterion: 
i. Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) in charge; 
ii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures 
are to be carried out; 
 
iii. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company’s authorized 
representative. 
 
3.6. AYUSH Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein medical/surgical/para-surgical treatment procedures and interventions are 
carried out by AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following: 
a. 
Central or State Government AYUSH Hospital or 
b. Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH College recognized by the Central Government/ Central Council of Indian 
Medicine/ Central Council for Homeopathy; or 
c. 
AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with in-patient healthcare facility of any recognized system of medicine, 
registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH 
Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the following criterion: 
i. Having at least 5 in-patient beds; 
ii. Having qualified AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock; 
iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required;  
iv. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company’s authorized 
representative; 
 
3.7. AYUSH Treatment refers to the medical and/ or Hospitalisation treatments given under Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, 
Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy systems. 
 
3.8. Break in policy means the period of gap that occurs at the end of the existing Policy Period / Instalment Premium due date, 
when the premium due for renewal on a given policy or instalment premium due is not paid on or before the premium renewal 
date or grace period.