For Buy/ Renew/ Service/ Claim related queries Log on to www.icicilombard.com or call 1800 2666
Golden Shield
Policy Wording
b.   Preamble theatre where surgical procedures are to be 
carried out;
  This Policy has been issued on the basis of the Disclosure to 
information Norm, including the information provided by        iv.   Maintaining daily records of the patients and 
Proposer in respect of the Insured Persons in the Proposal  making them accessible to the insurance 
Form, any application for insurance cover in respect of any  company’s authorized representative
Insured Person and any other information or details 
    AYUSH Day Care Centre means and includes 
submitted in relation to the Proposal Form. This Policy is a 
Community Health Centre (CHC), Primary Health 
contract of insurance between You and Us which is subject 
Centre (PHC), Dispensary, Clinic, Polyclinic or any such 
to the receipt of premium in full and accepted by Us in 
health centre which is registered with the local 
respect of the Insured Persons and the terms, conditions 
authorities, wherever applicable and having facilities 
and exclusions as specified in the Policy/ Policy Schedule / 
for carrying out treatment procedures and medical or 
Product Benefit Table of this Policy.
surgical/para-surgical interventions or both under the 
c.   Definitions supervision of registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner 
(s) on day care basis without in- patient services and 
  For the purposes of this Policy, the terms specified below 
must comply with all the following criterion:
shall have the meaning set forth wherever appearing/ 
specified in this Policy or related Extensions:     a.  Having qualified registered AYUSH Medical 
Practitioner(s) in charge;
  Where the context so requires, references to the singular 
shall also include references to the plural and references to      b. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as 
any gender shall include references to all genders. Further  required and/or has equipped operation theatre 
any references to statutory enactment include subsequent  where surgical procedures are to be carried out;
changes to the same.
    c.   Maintaining daily records of the patients and 
  i.   Standard definitions (Definitions whose wordings  making them accessible to the insurance 
are specified by IRDAI) company’s authorized representative.
    Accident means a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary      (Explanation: Medical practitioner referred in the 
event caused by external, visible and violent means. definition of “AYUSH Hospital” and “AYUSH day care 
center” shall carry the same meaning as defined in the 
    Any one illness means continuous Period of illness and 
definition of “Medical practitioner” under chapter I of 
it includes relapse within 45 days from the date of last 
Guidelines)
consultation with the Hospital/Nursing Home where 
treatment was taken.     Cashless Facility means a facility extended by the 
insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs 
    Ayush Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein 
of treatment undergone by the insured in accordance 
medical/surgical/para-surgical treatment procedures 
with the policy terms and conditions, are directly made 
and interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical 
to the network provider by the insurer to the extent pre-
practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following:
authorization approved.
    a.   Central or State government AYUSH hospital; or
    Condition Precedent shall mean a policy term or 
    b.   Teaching hospital attached to AYUSH college 
condition upon which the Insurer's liability under the 
recognized by the central government/Central 
policy is conditional upon.
council of Indian medicine/ Central council for 
    Congenital Anomaly refers to a condition(s) which is 
Homeopathy; or
present since birth, and which is abnormal with 
    c.   AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with in-
reference to form, structure or position.
patient healthcare facility of any recognized 
    a.  Internal Congenital Anomaly -Congenital anomaly 
system of medicine, registered with the local 
which is not in the visible and accessible parts of 
authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the 
the body
supervision of a qualified registered AYUSH 
medical practitioner and must comply with the      b.   External Congenital Anomaly- Congenital 
following criterion: anomaly which is in the visible and accessible 
parts of the body
      i.   Having at least 5 in-patient beds
    Co-payment means a cost sharing requirement under 
      ii.   Having qualified AYUSH medical practitioner 
a health insurance policy that provides that the 
in charge round the clock
policyholder/insured/proposer will bear a specified 
      iii.   Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as 
percentage of the admissible claims amount. A co-
required and/or has equipped operation 
payment does not reduce the Sum Insured.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 1 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    Cumulative Bonus shall mean any increase or addition      Grace Period means the specified period of time 
in the Sum Insured granted by the insurer without an  immediately following the premium due date during 
associated increase in premium. which a payment can be made to renew or continue a 
policy in force without loss of continuity benefits such 
    Day care centre means any institution established for 
as waiting periods and coverage of Pre Existing 
day care treatment of illness and/or injuries or a 
Diseases. Coverage is not available for the period for 
medical setup with a hospital and which has been 
which no premium is received.
registered with the local authorities, wherever 
applicable, and is under supervision of a registered and      Hospital means any institution established for in- 
qualified medical practitioner AND must comply with  patient care and day care treatment of illness and / or 
all minimum criterion as under :- injuries and which has been registered as a hospital 
    a.   has qualified nursing staff under its employment; with the local authorities under the Clinical 
Establishments (Registration and Regulations) Act 
    b.   has qualified medical practitioner/s in charge
2010 or under enactments specified under the 
    c.   has fully equipped operation theatre of its own 
Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act Or comply 
where surgical procedures are carried out;
with all minimum criteria as under:
    d.   maintains daily records of patients and will make 
    a.   has qualified nursing staff under its employment 
these accessible to the insurance company’s 
round the clock;
authorized personnel
    b.   has at least 10 inpatient beds, in those towns 
    Day Care Treatment refers to medical treatment, and/ 
having a population of less than 10,00,000 and 15 
or Surgical Procedure which is
inpatient beds in all other places
    i.   undertaken under General or Local Anesthesia in a 
    c.   has qualified medical practitioner(s) in charge 
Hospital/ Day care centre in less than 24 hrs 
round the clock;
because of technological advancement, and
    d.   has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own 
    ii.  which would have otherwise required a 
where surgical procedures are carried out
hospitalisation of more than 24 hours.
    e.   maintains daily records of patients and makes 
    Treatment normally taken on an out-patient basis is 
these accessible to the Insurance company’s 
not included in the scope of this definition.
authorized personnel.
    Deductible is a cost sharing requirement under a 
    Hospitalisation means admission in a Hospital for a 
health insurance policy that provides that provides 
minimum period of 24 consecutive in-patient care 
that the insurer will not be liable for specified rupee 
hours except for specified Procedures/Treatments, 
amount in case of indemnity policies and for a specified 
where such admission could be for a period of less than 
number of days/hours in case of hospital cash policies, 
24 consecutive hours.
which will apply before any benefits are payable by the 
insurer A deductible does not reduce the sum insured.     Inpatient care means treatment for which the insured 
person has to stay in a Hospital for more than 24 hours 
    Dental treatment means a treatment related to teeth 
for a covered event.
or structures supporting teeth including examinations, 
fillings (where appropriate), crowns, extractions and      Illness means a sickness or disease or pathological 
surgery. condition leading to the impairment of normal 
physiological function and requires medical treatment.
    Disclosure to information Norm means the policy shall 
be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited      a.   Acute condition - Acute condition is a disease, 
to the Company in the event of misrepresentation, mis- illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to 
description or non-disclosure of any material fact. treatment which aims to return the person to his or 
her state of health immediately before suffering 
    Domiciliary Hospitalisation means medical treatment 
the disease/illness/injury which leads to full 
for an illness/disease/injury which in the normal course 
recovery.
would require care and treatment at a hospital but is 
actually taken while confined at home under any of the      b.   Chronic condition - A chronic condition is defined 
following circumstances: as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more 
    a.   the condition of the patient is such that he/she is  of the following characteristics:
not in a condition to be removed to a hospital, or       i.   it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring 
    b.   the patient takes treatment at home on account of  through consultations, examinations, check-
non-availability of room in a hospital. ups, and / or tests
    Emergency Care means management for an illness or        ii.   it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief 
injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly  of symptoms
and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a        iii.   it requires your rehabilitation for the patient or 
medical practitioner to prevent death or serious long  for the patient to be specially trained to cope 
term impairment of the insured person’s health with it
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 2 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
      iv.   it continues indefinitely Health insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained 
for pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, 
      v.   It recurs or is likely to recur
with the same insurer.
    Injury means any accidental physical bodily harm, 
    Network Provider means hospitals or health care 
excluding illness or disease solely and directly caused 
providers enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an 
by external, violent, visible and evident means which is 
insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an 
verified and certified by a Medical Practitioner.
insured by a cashless facility.
    Intensive Care Unit means an identified section, ward 
    Non-Network Provider means any Hospital, day care 
or wing of a hospital which is under the constant 
centre or other provider that is not part of the Network.
supervision of a dedicated medical practitioner(s), and 
which is specially equipped for the continuous      Notification of claim means the process of intimating a 
monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a  claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the 
critical condition, or require life support facilities and  recognized modes of communication
where the level of care and supervision is considerably 
    OPD treatment is one in which the Insured visits a 
more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary 
clinic / hospital or associated facility like a consultation 
and other wards
room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice 
    ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount  of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured is not admitted as 
charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses which  a day care or in-patient.
shall include the expenses for ICU bed, general medical 
    Portability means the right accorded to an individual 
support services provided to any ICU patient including 
health insurance policyholder/proposers (including all 
monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist 
members under family cover), to transfer the credit 
charges.
gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound 
    Maternity expenses means; exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer
    a.   medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth      Pre-existing Disease means any condition, ailment, 
(including complicated deliveries and caesarean  injury or disease
sections incurred during Hospitalisation);
    a.   That is/ are diagnosed by a physician within 48 
    b.   expenses towards lawful medical termination of  months prior to the effective date of the policy 
pregnancy during the policy period. issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or
    Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from      b.   For which medical advice or treatment was 
a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any  recommended by, or received from, a physician 
prescription or follow-up prescription. within 48 months prior to the effective date of the 
policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement.
    Medical Expenses means those expenses that an 
Insured Person has necessarily and actually incurred      Post-Hospitalisation Medical Expenses means 
for medical treatment on account of Illness or Accident  medical expenses incurred during predefined number 
on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these  of days immediately after the Insured Person is 
are no more than would have been payable if the  discharged from the hospital, provided that :
Insured Person had not been insured and no more than 
    a.   Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition 
other hospitals or doctors in the same locality would 
for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalisation was 
have charged for the same medical treatment.
required, and
    Medically Necessary Treatment is defined as any 
    b.   The In-patient Hospitalisation claim for such 
treatment, tests medication or stay in hospital or part 
Hospitalisation is admissible by the Insurance 
of a stay in Hospital which
Company.
    1.   Is required for the medical management of the 
    Pre-Hospitalisation Medical Expenses means 
illness or Injury suffered by the insured
medical expenses incurred during predefined number 
    2.   Must not exceed the level of care necessary to  of days preceding the hospitalization of the insured 
provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical  person, provided that:
care in scope, duration or intensity
    a.   Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same 
    3.   Must have been prescribed by a Medical  condition for which the Insured Person’s 
practitioner Hospitalisation was required, and
    4.   Must conform to the professional standard widely      b.   The In-patient Hospitalisation claim for such 
accepted in international medical practice or by the  Hospitalisation is admissible by the Insurance 
medical community in India Company.
    Migration means the right accorded to health      Qualified Nurse is a person who holds a valid 
insurance policyholders/proposers (including all  registration from the Nursing Council of India or the 
members under family cover and members of group  Nursing Council of any state in India.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 3 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    Reasonable and Customary Charges means the  the Policy Schedule and is/are hereinafter referred as 
charges for services or supplies, which are the  “You”/“Your”/ “Yours”/ “Yourself”
standard charges for the specific provider and 
    Medical Practitioner is a person who holds a valid 
consistent with the prevailing charges in the 
registration from the Medical Council of any State or 
geographical area for identical or similar services, 
Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine 
taking into account the nature of Illness/injury involved.
or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India 
    Renewal defines the terms on which the contract of  or a State Government and is thereby entitled to 
insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a  practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting 
provision of grace period for treating the renewal  within the scope and jurisdiction of his license.
continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-
    The term Medical Practitioner would include physician, 
existing diseases, time-bound exclusions and for all 
specialist, anaesthetist and surgeon but would exclude 
waiting periods.
You and Your spouse, Your children, Your brother(s), 
    Room Rent means the amount charged by a hospital  Your sister(s) and Your parent(s).
towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall 
    Period of Insurance means the period as specifically 
include associated medical expenses.
appearing in the Policy Schedule and commencing 
    Subrogation shall mean the right of the insurer to  from the Policy Period Start Date of the first Policy 
assume the rights of the insured person to recover  taken by You from Us and then, running concurrent to 
expenses paid out under the policy that may be  Your current Policy subject to the Your continuous 
recovered from any other source. renewal of such Policy with Us.
    Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and/or      Policy means these Policy wordings, the Policy 
operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an  Schedule and any applicable endorsements or 
illness or injury, correction of deformities and defects,  extensions attaching to or forming part thereof. The 
diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief of suffering or  Policy contains details of the extent of cover available 
prolongation of life, performed in a hospital or day care  to You, what is excluded from the cover and the terms & 
centre by a Medical Practitioner conditions on which the Policy is issued to You.
    Unproven/Experimental treatment means treatment      Proposer means the person(s) or the entity named in 
including drug experimental therapy which is not  the Policy Schedule who executed the Policy Schedule 
based on established  medical practice in India, is  and is (are) responsible for payment of premium(s).
treatment experimental or unproven.
    Policy Period means the period commencing from the 
  ii. Specific definitions (Definitions other than those  Policy Period Start Date, Time and ending at the Policy 
mentioned under c. I. above) Period End Date, Time of the Policy and as specifically 
appearing in the Policy Schedule.
    Admission means Your admission in a Hospital as an 
inpatient for the purpose of medical treatment of an      Policy Year means a period of twelve months 
Injury and/or Illness. beginning from the Policy Period Start Date and ending 
on the last day of such twelve-month period. For the 
    AYUSH treatments refers to the medical aid and / or 
purpose of subsequent years, “Policy Year” shall mean 
hospitalisation treatments given under ‘Ayurveda, 
a period of twelve months beginning from the end of 
Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and 
the previous Policy Year and lapsing on the last day of 
Homeopathy systems
such twelve-month period, till the Policy Period End 
    Annual Sum Insured means and denotes the 
Date, as specified in the Policy Schedule
maximum amount of cover available to You during 
    Service Provider means any person, organization, 
each Policy Year of the Policy Period, as stated in the 
institution, or company that has been empanelled with 
Policy Schedule or any revisions thereof based on 
Us to provide services specified under the Benefits 
Claim settled under the Policy.
(including add-ons) to The Insured person. These shall 
    Break in Policy occurs at the end of the existing policy 
also include all healthcare providers empanelled to 
term, when the premium due for renewal on a given 
form a part of network other than hospitals.
policy is not paid on or before the premium renewal 
    The list of the Service Providers is available at our 
date or within 30 days thereof.
website (https://www.icicilombard.com/content/ilom-
    Claim means a demand made by You or on Your behalf 
en/serviceprovider/search.asp) and is subject to 
for payment of Medical Expenses or any other 
amendment from time to time.
expenses or benefits, as covered under the Policy.
    You/Your/ Yours/ Yourself means the person(s) that 
    Immediate Family means spouse, dependent children, 
We insure and is/are specifically named as Insured / 
brother(s), sister(s) and dependent parent(s) of the 
Insured Person(s) in the Policy Schedule.
insured.
    We/ Our/ Ours/ Us means the ICICI Lombard General 
    Insured/Insured Person(s) means the individual(s) 
Insurance Company Limited
whose name(s) is/are specifically appearing as such in 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 4 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
d.   Benefits covered under the policy proportion of the difference between room rent of the 
entitled room category to the room rent actually 
  The Benefits listed in base cover are in-built benefits and 
incurred
shall be available to all Insured Persons in accordance with 
the procedures set out in this Policy wording.     a.   For the purpose of this cover, “Associated medical 
expenses” shall include room rent, nursing 
  This Policy covers Allopathic and AYUSH treatments taken 
charges, operation theatre charges, fees of 
in India ONLY. Any expenses incurred outside the policy 
medical practitioner including surgeon/ 
period will NOT be covered.
anaesthetist / specialist within the same hospital 
  Any claims made under any of the benefits mentioned 
where the insured person has been admitted and 
below (except Care management program, Care 
will not include the cost of pharmacy and 
management plus program,) will impact eligibility for 
consumables, cost of implants, medical devices 
Additional Sum Insured.
and cost of diagnostics.
  Any unutilized annual sum insured/tele-consultations/e- 
    b.   Proportionate deductions are not applicable for 
consultations/benefits cannot be carried forward to the 
ICU charges
next policy year.
    c.   Proportionate deductions shall not be applicable 
Base Cover
for hospitals which do not follow differential billing 
1.   In Patient Treatment or for those expenses in respect of which 
  We will cover the following Medical Expenses incurred in  differential billing is not adopted based on the 
respect of Hospitalization of the Insured Person during the  room category.
Policy Period, up to the Annual Sum Insured specified in the    vi.   Expenses associated with automation machine for 
Policy Schedule against this Benefit: peritoneal dialysis shall not be payable
  i.   Room Rent up to Twin sharing room (for Annual Sum 
  vii.  Any Medical Expenses payable shall not in aggregate 
Insured below ` 10 Lacs and Single private AC room for 
exceed the Annual Sum Insured and additional sum 
annual sum insured ` 10L and above);
insured / cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the 
  ii.   Intensive Care Unit Charges; Policy Schedule against this Benefit.
  iii.   Qualified Nurse charges; 2.   Day Care Treatment
  iv.   Medical Practitioner’s Fees ;   We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
the Day Care Treatment of the Insured Person during the 
  v.   Anaesthesia, blood, oxygen, operation theatre 
Policy Period provided that:
charges, medicines, drugs and consumables (other 
than those specified in the list of excluded expenses    i.   The Day Care Treatment is for Medically Necessary 
(non-medical) in Annexure I; Treatment.
  vi.   Surgical appliances and prosthetic devices    ii.   The Day Care Treatment follows the written advice of a 
recommended in writing by the attending Medical  Medical Practitioner.
Practitioner and that are used intra operatively during 
  iii.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
a Surgical Procedure;
Customary Charges.
  vii.  Cost of investigative tests or prescribed diagnostic 
  iv.   We will also cover Medical Expenses incurred for 
procedures directly related to the Injury/Illness for 
procedures including but not limited to intravenous 
which the Insured Person is Hospitalized;
chemotherapy, radiotherapy, hemodialysis or any 
  We will consider a claim under this Benefit, subject to the  other therapeutic procedure which requires a period of 
following: specialized observation or medical care after 
  i.   The Hospitalization is for Medically Necessary  completion of the procedure.
Treatment.   v.   We will not cover any Out Patient Treatment or 
  ii.   The hospitalization warrants inpatient admission in  diagnostic services under this Benefit.
view of active line of treatment.   vi.   Expenses associated with automation machine for 
  iii.   The Hospitalization commences and continues on the  peritoneal dialysis shall not be payable
written advice of a Medical Practitioner.   vii.  Any Medical Expenses payable shall not in aggregate 
  iv.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and  exceed the Sum Insured and additional sum insured/ 
Customary Charges. cumulative bonus (if any) specified in the Policy 
Schedule against this Benefit.
  v.   If the Insured Person is admitted in a room category/ 
limit that is higher than the one that is specified in the  3.   Coverage for Modern Treatments
Policy Schedule/ Product benefit table of this policy,    We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
then the Insured Person shall bear a rateable  Hospitalization of the Insured Person for the below 
proportion of the total Associated medical expenses  mentioned modern treatments during the Policy Period, up 
(including surcharges or taxes thereon) in the  to the Annual Sum Insured
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 5 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
  Sr. No.  Treatment/Procedure   ii.   We have accepted the claim under “Inpatient 
Treatment” in respect of the Insured Person.
  1  Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU (High 
intensity focused ultrasound)   iii.   We will also consider Post-hospitalization Medical 
Expenses incurred on Physiotherapy provided that 
  2  Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to 
such Physiotherapy is advised in writing by the 
be given as injection
treating Medical Practitioner and is Medically 
  3  Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser 
Necessary Treatment. This service will be provided on 
treatment or holmium laser treatment)
a reimbursement and/ or cashless basis where ever 
  4  Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells  applicable.
for bone marrow transplant for 
  iv.   Expenses incurred on nursing care at home are 
haematological conditions
excluded from the scope of post hospitalization 
  5  Balloon Sinuplasty expenses.
  6  Oral Chemotherapy   v.   Any Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses payable 
  7  Robotic surgeries* during the Policy period shall not in aggregate exceed 
the Annual Sum Insured and additional sum insured 
  8  Stereotactic radio Surgeries
/cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the Policy 
  9  Deep Brain stimulation Schedule against this Benefit.
  10  Intra vitreal injections 6.   Donor Expenses
  11  Bronchical Thermoplasty   We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
  12  IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring) an organ donor’s Hospitalization during the Policy Period 
for the harvesting of the organ donated to the Insured 
    Robotic surgeries shall be subject to sub-limits as 
Person provided that:
mentioned under d. benefits covered under the policy 
Base cover 15 Sub-limits applicable   i.   The organ donation conforms to the Transplantation of 
Human Organs Act 1994 and the organ is for the use of 
4.   Pre Hospitalisation expenses
the Insured Person;
  We will cover the Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses 
  ii.   We will cover only those Medical Expenses incurred in 
incurred in respect of the Insured Person for up to 60days 
respect of an organ donor as an in-patient in the 
immediately before the Insured Person’s Admission to 
Hospital.
Hospital provided that:
  iii.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
  i.   The Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred are 
Customary Charges.
Reasonable and Customary Charges.
  iv.   Any Medical Expenses payable during the Policy 
  ii.   We have accepted the claim under “d. Benefits covered 
period shall not in aggregate exceed the Annual Sum 
under the policy Base cover 1. Inpatient Treatment” in 
Insured and additional sum insured /cumulative bonus 
respect of the Insured Person.
(if any) as specified in the Policy Schedule against this 
  iii.   We shall not be liable to make any payment in respect 
Benefit subject to an overall limit of  ` 10,00,000 only
of any Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred 
  v.   We have accepted a claim under Section “Inpatient 
prior to the Policy Period Start Date of the first policy 
treatment” in respect of the Insured Person.
with Us in respect of the Insured Person.
  We shall not be liable to pay for any claim under this Benefit 
  iv.   Expenses incurred on nursing care at home are 
which arises directly or indirectly for or in connection with 
excluded from the scope of pre hospitalization 
any of the following:
expenses.
  i.   Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses or Post-
  v.   This Benefit will be provided on a reimbursement basis 
hospitalization Medical Expenses of the organ donor.
only.
  ii.   Screening expenses of the organ donor.
  vi.   Any Pre-hospitalization  Medical Expenses payable 
shall not in aggregate exceed the Annual Sum Insured    iii.   Any other Medical Expenses as a result of the 
and additional sum insured /cumulative bonus (if any)  harvesting from the organ donor.
as specified in the Policy Schedule against this Benefit   iv.   Costs directly or indirectly associated with the 
5.   Post Hospitalisation expenses acquisition of the donor’s organ (other than 
hospitalisation costs involved).
  We will cover the Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses 
incurred in respect of the Insured Person for up to 180 days    v.   Transplant of any organ/tissue where the transplant is 
immediately following the Insured Person’s discharge from  experimental or investigational.
Hospital provided that:   vi.   Expenses related to organ transportation or 
  i.   The Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses incurred  preservation.
are Reasonable and Customary Charges.   vii.  Expenses incurred by an Insured Person as a donor.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 6 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
  viii.  Any other medical treatment or complication in respect    d.   The condition of the Insured Person is expected to 
of the donor, consequent to harvesting. improve in a reasonable and foreseeable period of 
time.
7.   Domiciliary Hospitalization
  e.   Prior approval from Us has been taken. The Home care 
  We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
treatment is availed only on a cashless basis, subject to 
the Domiciliary Hospitalization of the Insured Person 
availability of our empanelled service provider(s). 
during the Policy Period provided that :
Kindly visit our website for cities/locations where such 
  i.   The Domiciliary Hospitalization is for Medically 
services are available.
Necessary Treatment.
  f.   Treatment availed is not categorized under “AYUSH” or 
  ii.   The Domiciliary Hospitalization commences and 
any form of non- allopathic treatment
continues on the written advice of a Medical 
  g.   Such treatment cannot be provided on outpatient basis
Practitioner.
  However in case of unavailability of our empanelled service 
  iii.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
provider in the insured person’s location, in case the insured 
Customary Charges.
person intends to avail the services of non-network 
  iv.   The Domiciliary Hospitalization continues for at least 3 
provider and claims for reimbursement, a prior approval 
consecutive days in which case We will make payment 
from Us needs to be taken before availing such services.
under this Benefit in respect of Medical Expenses 
  In case the insured person breaches the conditions of 
incurred from the first day of Domiciliary 
approval or fails to take the prior written approval from Us, 
Hospitalization.
we are not liable to settle any claim under this section.
  v.   Any Medical Expenses payable shall not in aggregate 
  For the purpose of this benefit, Home care treatment shall 
exceed the Annual Sum Insured and additional sum 
include:
insured /cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the 
Policy Schedule against this Benefit.   a.   Diagnostic tests underwent at home as advised by 
medical practitioner
  We shall not be liable to pay for any claim under this Benefit 
which arises directly or indirectly from or in connection with    b.   Medicines prescribed in writing by a medical 
any of the following: practitioner
  a)   Asthma, bronchitis, tonsillitis and upper respiratory    c.   Consultation charges of the medical practitioner
tract infection including laryngitis and pharyngitis, 
  d.   Nursing charges if advised by the medical practitioner
cough and cold, influenza;
  Any expenses payable during the Policy period shall not in 
  b)   Arthritis, gout and rheumatism;
aggregate exceed the Annual Sum Insured and additional 
  c)   Ailments of spine/disc sum insured /cumulative bonus (if any) as specified in the.
  d)   Chronic nephritis and nephritic syndrome; 9.   In Patient AYUSH Hospitalization
  e)   Any liver disease;   We will cover the Medical Expenses incurred in respect of 
the Insured Person’s AYUSH Treatment during the Policy 
  f)   Peptic ulcer
Period up to the Annual Sum Insured specified in the Policy 
  g)  Diarrhea and all type of dysenteries, including 
Schedule provided that:
gastroenteritis;
  i.   The Medical Expenses incurred are Reasonable and 
  h)   Diabetes mellitus and insipidus;
Customary Charges.
  i)   Epilepsy;
  ii.   The Insured Person is Hospitalized for AYUSH 
  j)   Hypertension; Treatment at a AYUSH hospital or an AYUSH Day-care 
  k)   Pyrexia of any origin centre.
8.   Home Care Treatment   iii.   The Insured Person’s Hospitalization commences and 
continues on the written advice of the treating Medical 
  We will cover the medical expenses incurred by the Insured 
Practitioner.
person on home care treatment maximum up to 5% of 
Annual Sum Insured provided that :   iv.   Any Medical Expenses payable during the Policy 
period shall not in aggregate exceed the Annual Sum 
  a.   The Medical Practitioner advices the Insured Person to 
Insured and additional sum insured /cumulative bonus 
undergo treatment at home
(if any) as specified in the Policy Schedule against this 
  b.   There is a continuous active line of treatment with  Benefit.
monitoring of the health status by a medical 
  v.   This Benefit will be provided on a reimbursement and/ 
practitioner for each day through the duration of the 
or on cashless basis where ever applicable.
home care treatment.
  We shall not be liable to pay for any claim under this Benefit 
  c.   Daily monitoring chart including records of the 
which arises directly or indirectly for or in connection with 
treatment duly signed by the treating doctor is 
any of the following:
maintained.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 7 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
  i.   Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses or Post- rapid ambulance transportation from the place where 
hospitalization Medical Expenses. the Insured Person is situated at the time of requiring 
Emergency Care to a hospital provided that the 
  ii.   Any expenses incurred for the purpose of evaluation or 
transportation is for Medically Necessary Treatment, is 
investigation.
certified in writing by a Medical Practitioner, and road 
10.  Domestic road ambulance cover
ambulance services cannot be provided.
  We will cover the expenses incurred on road ambulance 
  b.   Such air ambulance providing the services, should be 
services which are offered by a healthcare or ambulance 
duly licensed to operate as such by a competent 
service provider and which have been used during the 
government Authority.
Policy Period to transfer the Insured Person to the nearest 
  c.   This cover is limited to transportation from the area of 
Hospital with adequate emergency facilities for the 
emergency to the nearest Hospital only;
provision of Emergency Care, provided that:
  d.   We will not cover:
  •   Our maximum liability under this Benefit for every 
claim arising during the Policy Year will be restricted to      a.   Any transportation from one Hospital to another;
1% of the Annual Sum insured maximum up to
    b.   Any transportation of the Insured Person from 
`10,000;
Hospital to the Insured Person’s residence after 
  •   We have accepted a claim under “Inpatient treatment”  he/she has been discharged from the Hospital
in respect of the Insured Person for the same 
    c.   Any transportation or air ambulance expenses 
Accident/Illness for which road ambulance services 
incurred outside the geographical scope of India.
were availed.
  e.   We have accepted a claim under Inpatient treatment in 
  •   This Benefit includes and is limited to the cost of the 
respect of the Insured Person for the same 
transportation of the Insured Person:
Accident/Illness for which air ambulance services were 
    a)   From the place of injury/illness to the nearest  availed.
hospital
  f.   We shall not be liable if Medically Necessary Treatment 
    b)   To the nearest Hospital with higher medical  can be provided at the Hospital where the Insured 
facilities which is prepared to admit the Insured  Person is situated at the time of requiring Emergency 
Person and provide the necessary medical  Care.
services if such medical services cannot 
12. Base Co-payment
satisfactorily be provided at a Hospital where the 
  This policy will be subject to 50% base co-payment and 
Insured Person is situated, and only if that 
He/She shall be liable to pay 50% of admissible claim 
transportation has been prescribed in writing by a 
amount of each and every claim. Base Co-payment once 
Medical Practitioner and is for Medically 
chosen cannot be changed mid-term. Modification of co-
Necessary Treatment.
payment may happen only during renewal subject to 
    c)   From a Hospital to the nearest diagnostic centre 
underwriting. In case, base co-payment is reduced during 
during the course of Hospitalization for advanced 
renewal, fresh waiting periods shall be applicable on the 
diagnostic treatment in circumstances where such 
modified portion of base co-payment.
facility is not available in the existing Hospital.
  i.   Base Co-payment shall be applicable to all benefits 
  •   The ambulance / service provider providing the 
under the policy except any benefits availed under 
services be a registered provider with road traffic 
Care management program, Care management plus 
authority.
program, preventive health check-up,.
  Any expenses in relation to transportation of the Insured 
  ii.   Base Co-payment shall not be applicable in case 
Person from Hospital to the Insured Person’s residence 
voluntary deductible has been opted for.
while transferring an Insured Person after he/she has been 
13.  Cumulative Bonus/ Additional Sum Insured
discharged from the Hospital are not payable under this 
Benefit.   We will provide a Cumulative Bonus of 10% of the Annual 
Sum insured at the end of each Policy Year if the expiring 
11.  Air Ambulance
Policy has been claim free and is continuously renewed 
  We will cover the expenses up to the Annual sum insured 
with Us. The Cumulative Bonus will not be accumulated for 
incurred on air ambulance services in respect of an Insured 
more than 100% of the Annual Sum insured under any 
Person which are offered by a healthcare or an air 
circumstances.
ambulance service provider and which have been used 
  i.   In case where the policy is on a floater basis the 
during the Policy Period to transfer the Insured Person to 
cumulative bonus will be on floater basis and for 
the nearest Hospital with adequate emergency facilities for 
individual policy the same will be on an individual 
the provision of Emergency Care, provided that:
basis.
  a.   It is for a life threatening emergency health condition/s 
  ii.   In case where the policy is on a floater basis, the 
of the Insured Person which requires immediate and 
cumulative bonus will be accrued only if no claims have 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 8 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
been made in respect of all Insured Person(s) in the    x. If the Annual Sum Insured under the Policy has been 
expiring policy period. increased at the time of Renewal the Cumulative Bonus 
shall be calculated on the Annual Sum Insured of the 
  iii.   In a floater policy as specified in the Policy Schedule, 
last completed Policy Year.
the Cumulative Bonus so accrued during the previous 
Policy Year(s) will only be available to those Insured    xi. In the event of a Claim under the Policy during any 
Person(s) who were insured in previous Policy Year(s)  subsequent Policy Year, the accrued cumulative bonus 
and continue to be insured with Us in the subsequent  shall not be reduced. 
Policy Year(s).
14.  Reset Benefit
  iv.   Cumulative Bonus will not be added if the Policy is not 
  We will reset the Annual Sum insured up to 100% of the 
renewed with Us by the end of the Grace Period.
Annual Sum insured unlimited times, for all future claims 
  v.   Cumulative bonus can be utilised only when the  within the same policy not related to the illness / disease / 
Annual Sum Insured is completely exhausted. injury for which a claim has been paid for the same insured 
person in a Policy Year as stated in the Policy Schedule, 
  vi.   If the Policy Period is two or three years, any 
provided that: 
Cumulative Bonus that has accrued for the first/second 
Policy Year will be credited at the end of the first/second    i.   The Annual Sum insured including additional sum 
Policy Year as the case may be and will be available for  insured /Cumulative Bonus (if any) in respect of the 
any claims made in the subsequent Policy Year. Insured Person is insufficient as a result of previous 
claims paid in that Policy Year. 
  vii.  If the Insured Persons in the expiring policy are covered 
on an individual basis as specified in the Policy    ii.   The total amount of reset will not exceed the Annual 
Schedule and there is an accumulated Cumulative  Sum Insured for that policy year. 
Bonus for each Insured Person under the expiring 
  iii.   The Reset Benefit will be applied only if the claim is 
policy, and such expiring policy has been Renewed 
made and admissible under “Inpatient Treatment” or 
with Us on a floater policy basis as specified in the 
“Daycare Procedure”.
Policy Schedule then the Cumulative Bonus to be 
  iv.   The Reset Benefit will not be triggered for the first claim 
carried forward for credit in such Renewed Policy shall 
made during the Policy Year.
be the lowest among all the Insured Persons.
  v.   The Reset benefit will be triggered only once and not 
  viii.  In case of floater policies where Insured Persons 
unlimited times for all future claims within the same 
Renew their expiring policy with Us by splitting the 
policy which are related to the illness/disease/injury for 
Annual Sum Insured in to individual policies the 
which a claim has already been paid/registered for the 
Cumulative Bonus of the expiring policy shall be 
same insured person.
apportioned to such Renewed Policies in the 
proportion of the Annual Sum Insured of each    vi.   For individual policies, reset Sum Insured will be 
Renewed Policy as detailed in table below. available on individual basis whereas for floater 
policies, it will be available on floater basis.
Annual  Accumulate Revised  Revised 
  vii.  For any single claim during a Policy Year , the maximum 
Floater  Sum  dC  umulative  Floater  AnnualS um  Accumulated 
Insured bonus/  policy split  Insuredo f  Cumulative  claim amount payable shall not exceed the sum of
Additional  to individual each  bonus/      •   The Annual Sum insured;
SumI nsured  policies with individual  Additional 
    •   additional sum insured /Cumulative Bonus;
(after5 c laim  Annual Sum policy SumI nsured 
freey ears) Insured of  ofe ach    viii. The Reset Benefit will not be available for an Illness / 
10 Lacs each individual  Injury or related complications including but not limited 
policy to any relapse within 45 days in respect of which a 
20 L ac 10 L ac 10  Lac 5  Lac claim has been paid in that Policy Year for the same 
Insured Person.
  ix.  If the Annual Sum Insured has been reduced at the time 
  ix.   Any unutilized Reset Benefit will not be carried forward 
of Renewal, the applicable Cumulative Bonus shall be 
to any subsequent Policy Years.
reduced in the same proportion to the Annual Sum 
Insured as detailed in table below   x.   During a Policy Year, the aggregate claim amount 
payable, shall not exceed the sum of:
Annual S um Accumulated  Revised  Revised 
Insured Cumulative  Annual  Sum Accumulated      •   The Annual Sum Insured
bonus/  Annual Sum Insured Cumulative      •   additional sum insured /Cumulative Bonus
Additional  bonus/ 
Insured 
    •   Reset Sum Insured
SumI nsured  Additional 
reduced to 
(after5 c laim  SumI nsured
` 10 Lacs
freey ears)
20 L ac 10 L ac 10  Lac 5  Lac
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 9 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
15.  Sub-limits applicable
  The expenses payable during the entire policy period for treatment of the following diseases/ conditions (either as a day care or 
as an in-patient exceeding 24hrs of admission in the hospital) shall be maximum up to the amount mentioned in the table below;
Annual Sum Insured
Procedures/Medical Conditions/Ailments/Diseases
3L/4L/5L 10L/15L/20L >20L
Treatment of cataract Up to ` 25,000/ eye Up to ` 50,000/ eye Up to ` 75,000/ eye
Treatment of each and every ailment/procedure mentioned below
Treatment of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disorders
Treatment/surgeries for cancer(including chemo/radio/oral)
` 2,00,000 ` 3,50,000 ` 5,00,000
Treatment of other renal complications and disorders
Treatment for breakage of long bones/Joint replacements
Robotic surgeries for any ailment/condition/disease ` 1,00,000 ` 1,75,000 ` 2,50,000
Sub-limits will include the expenses incurred on pre hospitalisation and post hospitalisation expenses
16.  Enhanced Annual Sum insured for Road Traffic Accidents   •   The Network Provider /Health Service Provider shall be 
assigned by Us post receiving Insured Person’s request 
  If the insured person meets with a Road Traffic Accident 
to avail a health check-up under this Benefit. 
resulting in in-patient hospitalization, then the Annual Sum 
Insured shall be doubled subject to the following:    •   Utilisation of this preventive health check-up will not 
impact the Annual Sum Insured or eligibility for 
  •   It is declared and proven that the insured person was 
additional sum insured /cumulative Bonus. 
taking due safety precautions such as use of seat-belt/ 
helmet/ following road traffic signals and was either    •   Un-utilised health check-up package will not be carried 
riding as pillion rider in a two wheeler or travelling in a  forward to the next policy year and it will be the Insured 
four wheeler at the time of accident as evidenced by  Person’s choice and responsibility to utilise the same 
Police record and Hospital record.  with in the designated policy period. We shall not be 
liable to provide any reminders or notifications for the 
  •   The enhanced(doubled) Sum Insured shall be available 
same.  
only once during the policy period. 
  •   In-case of long term policies (2 year or 3 years), the 
  •   The enhanced (double) Sum Insured shall be available 
preventive health check-up package for all the policy 
only after exhaustion of the annual sum insured. 
years shall be provided together in the first policy year 
  •   The enhanced Sum Insured can be utilized only for that 
itself. It shall be the responsibility of the Insured Person 
particular hospitalization following the Road Traffic 
to preserve the same and undergo the check-ups 
Accident .
during the designated policy years.  
  •   Reset benefit shall not trigger for claims under this 
  Please Note:  
cover.  
  •    We shall not hold any responsibility towards any loss 
  •   This benefit shall not be applicable for day care 
or damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, 
treatment. 
advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, omissions 
  •   The unutilized balance of enhanced (doubled) sum  and representations made by the Medical Practitioner/ 
insured for road traffic accidents cannot be carried  Healthcare professional. 
forward for the remaining policy period or for renewal. 
  •   Choosing the services under this Benefit is purely upon 
  •   Claims under this benefit will reduce the Cumulative  the customer’s own discretion and at own risk. 
bonus/ additional sum insured
  •   The Insured Person should seek assistance from a 
17.  Preventive health check-up health care professional when interpreting and 
  Insured Persons can avail a preventive health check-up as  applying them to the Insured person’s individual 
per our pre- defined package only at our network providers  circumstances. If the Insured person has any concerns 
or empanelled health service providers anytime during the  about His/ her health, He/ She may consult His/ her 
Policy period subject to the below conditions :  general practitioner.   
  •   This benefit can be availed only on cashless basis and  18. Incentives associated with Vaccination against 
is limited to once a year per Insured Person.  pneumococcal disease
  We will provide an additional 2.5% discount on premium 
  •   This benefit can be availed through our mobile 
(fresh or renewal) for Insured Person(s) who have taken the 
application or via utilisation of health check-up 
Pneumococcal vaccine or its equivalent vaccine which 
coupons provided with the policy kit 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 10 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
helps prevent pneumococcal disease. All the members  specialist or a general physician will have to be 
covered under  thepolicy should have be vaccinated in the  borne by the Insured Person. 
past one year (1 year) from policy start date to avail this 
    •   We shall not be liable for any discrepancy in the 
discount. i.e. if policy start date is 1st January 2022, all 
information provided under this Benefit. 
insured persons under the policy should have been 
    •   Choosing the services under this Benefit is purely 
vaccinated against Pneumococcal disease in the period 
upon the customer’s own discretion and at own risk. 
from 1st January 2021 to 31st December 2021. This 
discount shall be provided lifetime as long as the insured      •   *The proposer should seek assistance from a 
person continues to renew this policy.  health care professional when interpreting and 
applying them to the Insured person’s individual 
Mandatory Extension:
circumstances. If the Insured person has any 
19.  Care Management Program
concerns about His/ her health, He/ She may 
   In consideration of payment of additional premium, the 
consult His/ her general practitioner.  We shall not 
insured person can avail benefits of the Care Management 
hold any responsibility towards any loss or 
Program. The Care Management Program aims to provide 
damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, 
solutions which will solve everyday challenges/issues 
advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, 
faced by You, promote holistic wellbeing and empower You 
omissions and representations made by the 
to lead independent and enriching lives.  
Medical Practitioner/ Healthcare professional. 
  Our Care management program focusses on providing You 
  2.   Second E-opinion for Critical Illness
with assistance and support in case of any challenge but at 
    We shall arrange E-opinion on a cashless basis from 
the same time equipping you for the future. Our endeavour 
our empanelled Medical Practitioners in case the 
is to promote longevity, productivity and incentivise You for 
Insured Person is diagnosed with any of the below 
your healthy behaviour which will enable dignified living. 
listed critical Illnesses during the Policy Period, and at 
  The Insured Person shall have access to a host of benefits 
his/her sole discretion chooses to avail an E-opinion 
under the Care management program on downloading and 
subject to the below mentioned conditions. 
registering on our mobile application. This activity is to 
    •   The E-opinion will be arranged on cashless basis 
ensure adequate utilization of services offered and to 
and the insured person will not have to bear any 
redeem the wellbeing points awarded. 
expenses on the same.  
  1.   Tele Consultation(s)
    •   The E-opinion will be based only on the 
    We will arrange consultations and recommendations 
information and documentation provided to Us 
for routine health issues by a qualified Medical 
(which will be shared with the Medical 
Practitioner or health care professional. For the 
Practitioner) and it should not be construed to 
purpose of this benefit Telephonic/Virtual consultation 
constitute medical advice and/or substitute the 
shall mean consultation provided by a qualified 
Insured Person's visit/ consultation to an 
Medical Practitioner or Health care professional 
independent Medical Practitioner/Healthcare 
through various mode of communication like audio, 
professional. 
video, online portal, chat or mobile application. The 
    •   This E-opinion can be availed only once during the 
services provided under this Benefit will be made 
Policy Period for the same illness.  
available subject to the terms and conditions, and in 
the manner prescribed below:      •   Appointments to avail this E-opinion may be 
requested through Our Website or Our mobile 
    •  The Medical Practitioner may suggest / 
application or through calling Our call centre on 
recommend / prescribe over the counter 
Our toll free number. 
medications based on the information provided, if 
required on a case to case basis. However, the      •   The E-opinion provided under this Benefit shall be 
services under this Benefit should not be construed  limited to the listed critical Illnesses and will not be 
to constitute medical advice and/or substitute the  valid for any medico legal purposes. 
Insured Person's visit/ consultation to an 
    •   We do not assume any liability towards any loss or 
independent Medical Practitioner/Healthcare 
damage arising out of or in relation to any opinion, 
professional*. 
advice, prescription, actual or alleged errors, 
    •   There shall be no maximum limit on the count of  omissions and representations made by the 
tele-consultations that can be availed by the  Medical Practitioner. 
Insured Person in a policy year. 
  List of Critical Illness for which Second E-opinion may be 
    •   This service will be available 24 hours a day, and  requested
365 days in a year. 
  Heart and vascular conditions
    •  We/Medical Practitioner/Healthcare professional 
  1.   Myocardial Infarction  
may refer the Insured Person to another specialist 
  2.   Refractory heart failure  
or a general physician (outside of our empanelled 
network), if required and the charges for such    3.   Cardiomyopathy 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 11 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
  Lung Conditions    4.   E-Counselling
  4.   End stage lung Failure     We will offer e-counselling session(s) with a 
  5.   Primary(Idiopathic) pulmonary Hypertension  Psychologist via our mobile application for providing 
assistance in dealing with issues such as but not 
  Liver conditions 
limited to personal and lifestyle imbalance, anxiety, 
  6.   End stage liver Failure  depression, sleep disorders, stress and problems 
  Neuro/ spinal & psychiatric disease related to psychological/mental illness/ psychiatric and 
psychosomatic disorders.
  7.   Multiple sclerosis with Persisting symptoms  
    Maximum of 12 sessions will be provided per insured 
  8.   Motor neuron disease with Permanent symptoms  
person per policy period.
  9.   Permanent paralysis of limbs  
    The e-counseling sessions shall be availed only 
  10.  Stroke resulting in permanent symptoms 
through virtual modes of chat via our mobile 
  11.  Coma of specified severity   application.  
  12.  Alzheimer’s Disease before age of 50 years      5.   Health Management Program  
  13.  Parkinson’s disease before age of 50 years       The Health Management Program has been designed 
to ensure a regular monitoring of the Insured Person’s 
  14.  Apallic syndrome  
health and timely intervention and a concrete plan for 
  15.  Benign brain tumour  
corrective measures in case of any decline in the health 
  16.  Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) status of the Insured Person.
  17.  Major head trauma      The Health Coach shall guide and motivate the Insured 
  Renal diseases Person to follow the customised Health management 
program designed for them to achieve their health and 
  18.  Kidney failure requiring regular dialysis
fitness goals.
  19.  Medullary cystic disease 
     As a part of the Health Management Program, the 
  Musculoskeletal diseases  insured person can avail the following benefits
  20.  Muscular dystrophy     a.   Care Calls
  21.  Poliomyelitis        All insured persons shall receive care calls to check 
  Bleeding disorders up on their well-being and safety by our health 
coach who understand the issues surrounding 
  22.  Aplastic Anaemia 
senior individuals. The insured person(s) will be 
  Auto immune diseases
encouraged to express their concerns surrounding 
  23.  Systemic Lupus Erythematous with renal involvement   their well-being (if any) on these calls so that the 
health coach can address them later.
  24.  Myasthenia gravis  
    b.   Goal based incentives on outcome of Preventive 
  25.  Scleroderma
health check-up
  26. Good pastures syndrome with lung or renal 
      Monitoring of one’s health status remains an 
involvement 
important step towards becoming more self-
  27.  Blindness  
aware of one’s medical / health conditions.
  28.  Deafness
      The insured person shall be subjected to a mid- 
  29.  Cancer of specified severity term assessment via a Wellbeing Risk Assessment 
  30.  Third Degree Burns [WRA] which will include outcome of certain 
laboratory tests and questionnaire based 
  31.  Loss of speech  
assessment covering aspects of lifestyle, current 
  32.  Loss of limbs medical history & family history.
  33.  Loss of Independent Existence        The assessment will be carried out using a 
  3.   Diet and Nutrition e-consultation   telephonic/ digital connect with the Health Coach.
    We will offer You diet and nutrition e-consultation on a        The health coach will encourage the insured 
virtual platform via our mobile application to help you  person to undergo certain laboratory tests (as 
achieve your weight and health management goals. detailed in Table A) and we will incentivise the 
Insured Person in case of favourable findings of the 
    Maximum of 12 sessions will be provided per insured 
laboratory tests.
person per policy period.
      The insured person will have to undergo the below 
    The e-consultation shall be availed only through virtual 
mentioned laboratory tests as a part of the mid-
modes of chat via our mobile application.
term assessment from our empanelled diagnostic 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 12 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
centres and will be guided by the health coach for  person 250 wellness points. Each yoga session/ meditation 
the same. session must last 30 minutes or more and the maximum 
wellness points that can be accrued under this task is 1500 
      In case the insured person is desirous of 
per insured person per policy year.
undergoing laboratory tests at a diagnostic centre 
of their choice which is not empanelled with us, the    Please Note: The insured persons can join a virtual 
insured person will have to bear the charges  yoga/meditation class or visit an actual yoga/meditation 
associated with the actual costs of the mid-term  centre. The expenses associated with the class 
assessment diagnostic tests/ visit charges /  fees/membership fees/tutor or instructor fees etc. will 
collection charges etc. have to be borne by the insured person. Proof of payment 
of fees and certificate of completion of sessions will have 
      The insured person will also have to provide us 
to be provided to us in order for insured person to earn the 
with the laboratory reports of the below 
wellness points.
mentioned medical tests/investigations conducted 
  Alternately, in case the Insured Person is keen to achieve 
within the policy period for Us to award the 
targeted steps instead of participation in yoga 
wellness points. 
sessions/meditation sessions, we will award 250 wellness 
  Table A
points per month provided the insured person takes 4000+ 
  Medical Tests  Favorable   Findings that need
steps per day for atleast 15 days in a month. The maximum 
      findings  improvement
wellness points that can be accrued by achieving targeted 
  Glycosylated   < 6%  >6 and up to7%
steps is 1500 per insured person per policy year.
  Haemoglobin (HbA1c)
  Our mobile application will have to be downloaded within 
  Low Density   < 100 mg/dl  >100 and < or 
30 days of the policy start date to avail the benefit as the 
  Lipoprotein (LDL)    = 190 mg/dl
average step count completed by an Insured person would 
  High Density  > or = 40 mg/dl  > 20 mg/dl and
  Lipoprotein (HDL)     <40 mg/dl be monitored on this mobile application.
  Serum cholesterol  < or = 200mg/dl  >200 and < or   Each wellness point will be valued at INR 0.20. Wellness 
        =300 mg/dl points so earned can be redeemed against any services 
  Serum Triglycerides  <or = 150 mg/dl  > 150 and < under discounts as mentioned in “discounts on services or 
        = 250mg/dl products” on our mobile application.
  S. Creatinine  < or = 1.3 mg/dl  > 1.3 mg/dl   Wellness points  Maximum wellness   Rupee Value
  The insured person shall be awarded wellness points as per table    accumulated   points awarded per of Accumulated
B for each laboratory test mentioned below in case the findings of       person per policy year  wellness points  
the laboratory test are favourable as detailed in Table A.   Outcome of  1500  300 
  Table B   Preventive health 
  Medical Tests  Wellness points awarded in    check-ups
       case of favourable findings   Participation in Yoga /  1500  300 
  Glycosylated Haemoglobin (HbA1c)  500   Meditation / Completion 
  of Targeted steps 
  Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL)  200
  Total  3000  600
  High Density Lipoprotein (HDL)  200
7.  Medical Vault
  Serum cholesterol   200
  Serum Triglycerides  200   The insured person can upload His/Her health records in 
  Serum Creatinine  200 our mobile application so as to protect them from loss or 
  Total  1500 theft. These health records can then be viewed as per need 
  The maximum wellness points that can be awarded under  and convenience of the insured person.
this activity is restricted to 1500 wellness points per insured    By availing this service, the Insured person agrees and has 
person per policy year. no objection to the health records being maintained with Us 
  Each wellness point will be valued at INR 0.20. Wellness  for internal use only.
points so earned can be redeemed against deals and 
8.   Health Assistance (HAT) 
discounts on purchase of medicines from our empanelled 
  HAT shall assist the Insured Person in understanding their 
pharmacies or undergoing recommended diagnostic tests 
health condition better by providing answers to any queries 
from our empanelled diagnostic centres etc. as listed on our 
related to health service providers
mobile application.
6.  Participation in Yoga/Meditation Sessions/ Completion of    The services provided under this shall include:
Targeted Steps   •   Identifying a Physician/ Specialist 
  The Insured Person can earn wellness points by    •   Availability of hospital beds/COVID hubs etc. 
participating in yoga sessions or meditation sessions 
  •   Providing guidance on engaging attendants or nurses 
aimed at maintaining physical and mental Wellness. 
Participation and successful completion of 10 yoga/    •   Facilitation with respect to arrangement of mobility 
meditation sessions in a month will award the insured  aids, daily living aids, medical equipment etc.  
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 13 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
  •   Scheduling an appointment with any Medical      •   The ambulance service is availed within the same 
Practitioner empanelled with Us  city 
  •   Scheduling appointments for a second opinion      •   This is an assistance service and the expenses for 
the same will have to be borne by the insured 
  •   Providing suitable options with respect to Hospitals as 
person or can be claimed under domestic road 
well as providing assistance in Cashless facility, 
ambulance cover( if inpatient treatment claim is 
wherever applicable. 
found to be admissible) 
  •   Scheduling appointments from diagnostic labs 
  Process to avail Ambulance Assistance: 
empanelled with us.
  a)   On calling Our helpline number provided below, Our 
  •   Providing information, assistance and  facilitation on 
trained customer service executive (CSE) will ask the 
door step delivery of medicines 
Insured person relevant questions to assess the 
  •   Providing preventive information on ailments   situation.
  •   Providing guidance on post Hospitalization care, such    b)   The call may be redirected to a qualified Medical 
as Physiotherapy/ Nursing at home.  Practitioner in order to evaluate the requirement for an 
ambulance with Advanced Life Support based on the 
  Please note that services provided under this Benefit are 
Insured Person’s condition.
solely for assistance, and should not be construed to be a 
  c)   The below mentioned details are to be made available 
substitute for a visit/ consultation to an independent 
for availing the services:  
Medical Practitioner. Our role is limited to that of facilitation 
and Health Assistance services will not include the charges      1.   UHID of Insured Person, as provided on the Health 
for any independent Medical Practitioner/nutritionist/  Card. 
charges incurred on diagnostics/ consulted on HAT’s      2.   Contact number of the Insured Person
recommendation, and such charges are to be borne by the      3.   Location of Insured Person 
Insured Person.
  How to Call an Ambulance? (Via Call)
  For all facilitation services provided under this cover, our 
role shall be limited to assistance only and the charges and 
An IVRS will ask 
Call will be 
expenses associated with the actual service shall have  to  you to select  option 
Call 18001028136 answered by an 
1or 2 depending on 
be borne by the insured person. to reach the  CSE & details like 
requirement.
Emergency  name, UHID, nature 
  This service is available on our mobile application or by  Response Centre Dial 1 for Medical  of emergency will 
Ambulance 
calling on 040-66274205 (please note that this number is  be asked
Services
subject to change) from 8am to 8pm from Monday to 
Saturday except public holidays.
  By availing this service, the Insured person agrees and has 
Patient will be 
no objection to the health records being maintained with Us  Doctor may  Emergency 
taken to the nearest 
accompany patient  Ambulance 
for internal use only.  hospital as per the 
in the ambulance  Transport 
predefined hospital 
  While deciding to obtain the above services, the  Insured  if required network chart will arrive
person(s) expressly notes and agrees that it is entirely for 
them to decide whether to obtain these services and also to 
decide the use (if any) to which these services are to be put 
for.
Ambulance 
9.   Ambulance Assistance  pick up & drop 
Click on emergency  CSE does 
the patient to 
  We will facilitate ground medical transportation by a  icon & place request hospital / health  feedback Call
facility
Service provider to transport the Insured Person to the 
nearest Hospital or any clinic or nursing home for medically 
necessary treatment subject to availability of services in 
that particular city/ location. Kindly visit our website for  The medical team 
updated list of cities/ locations where the services are  Customer service  provides with 
executive connects  continued 
provided.  with medical team necessary 
assistance on call
  1.   The services under this Benefit are subject to the 
following conditions: 
    •   The medical transportation is for a life threatening 
health condition of the Insured Person which  Doctor understand  CSE dispatch the 
situation & advices  ambulance to 
requires immediate and rapid transportation to the  on emergency Care  desired location & 
Hospital; as certified in writing by the Medical  / Selection of  provide necessary 
ambulance details
practitioner
    •   The Insured Person is in India and the treatment is 
in India only; 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 14 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
10. Discounts on services / products advice or information obtained by way of the wellness 
program or any actions chosen by the Insured Person 
  We shall only facilitate the Insured Person in availing 
on the basis of such advice or information.
discounts on services/ products including but not limited to 
investigations/ diagnostic tests/ laboratory tests / health    •  The care management program offered is subject to 
supplements/  medical equipment/ homecare services /  revisions based on the insurance regulatory 
virtual health & wellness sessions/ AYUSH products /  framework from time to time.
Fitness & wellness related activities & products etc.  at our 
Optional Covers 
empanelled diagnostic centres, drugs / medicines ordered 
1.   Claim Protector 
from pharmacies etc. offered by our network providers/ 
health service providers. These discounts can be viewed on    In consideration of payment of additional premium to Us, 
our mobile application and one can redeem the wellness  the insured person can avail the benefit as mentioned 
points earned from Care Management Program (either  under claim protector. If a claim has been accepted under 
through favourable findings on health check-up or  the inpatient hospitalization cover, then the items which 
participation in Yoga/ meditations sessions/ achieving  are not payable under the claim as per the List of Excluded 
targeted steps per month) for availing discounts as per  items released by IRDAI that is related to the particular 
product terms and conditions and subject to availability. claim will become payable. The maximum claim pay-out 
  Terms and Conditions for Care Management Program under this benefit shall be limited to Annual Sum Insured 
under your policy.  
  •  There shall be no minimum wellness points limit for 
redemption against health related deals and discounts    Base Co-payment as opted by the Insured Person in the 
offered on our mobile application. policy shall be applicable for this cover  
  •  The Insured Person(s) can choose to carry forward the  2.   Modification of Base Co-payment 
wellness points for 3 years, in case they do not wish to 
  In consideration of payment of additional premium to Us, 
redeem the same provided the policy is continuously 
The insured person will have the option to reduce his base 
renewed without any break. The wellness points so 
co-payment from 50% to 40% or 30% or 20% and He/She 
accrued shall have to be redeemed at the end of the 3rd 
shall be liable to pay the percentage (%) of admissible claim 
Policy year.
amount of each and every claim.  
  •  The Insured Person shall notify Us and submit the 
  Base Co-payment once chosen cannot be changed mid-
relevant documents, reports, receipts as and when 
term. Modification of co-payment may happen only 
required by us within 60 days of undertaking any 
during renewal subject to underwriting.  In case, base co-
activity for us to reward appropriate wellness points.
payment is reduced during renewal, fresh waiting periods 
  •  In case of expiry of policy and the policy not being  shall be applicable on the modified portion of base co-
renewed, the accrued wellness points may be carried  payment. 
forward for a period not exceeding three months.
3.   Voluntary Deductible
  •  There shall not be any cash reimbursement or 
  In case the Insured person has opted for a voluntary 
redemption available against the wellness points 
deductible, as specified in the Policy Schedule, the 
accumulated by an Insured Person. 
Deductible will be applicable on aggregate basis for all 
  •  We or Our Health Service Providers or Our Network  Hospitalization expenses during the Policy Year before it 
Providers do not warrant the validity, accuracy,  becomes payable by Us, subject to terms, conditions and 
completeness, safety, quality, or applicability of the  exclusions of the Policy. The voluntary deductible option 
content or anything said or written or any suggestions  available will be 20% of Annual Sum Insured opted by 
provided in the course of providing the wellbeing  You. 
services.
  i.   In case voluntary deductible has been opted for, base 
  •  We do not accept any liability towards quality of the  co-payment shall not be chosen. Zone based co-
services made available by our network providers/  payment shall be applicable in case medically 
health service providers and are not liable for any  necessary treatment (Except medically necessary 
defects or deficiencies on their part. treatment for road traffic accidents) has been taken in 
  •  Availability of all Services under the care management  a zone higher (Zone A being the highest followed by 
program is subject to availability of Health Service  Zone B and then Zone C) than the zone for which 
provider at the requested location. premium has been paid on issuance of the policy. 
  •  We, Our group entities, or affiliates, their respective    ii.   The deductible will apply on individual basis in case of 
directors, officers, employees, agents, vendors, shall  individual policy and on floater basis in case of floater 
not be responsible for or liable for, any actions, claims,  policy.
demands, losses, damages, costs, charges and    iii.   Deductible once chosen cannot be changed mid-term. 
expenses which an Insured Person may claim to have  Modification of deductible may happen only during 
suffered, sustained or incurred, as a result of any  renewal subject to underwriting.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 15 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
4.  Care management Plus Program These services shall be provided through our 
Empanelled Health Service Provider subject to 
  In consideration of payment of additional premium, Insured 
availability at the time of appointment.
Person can avail the benefits associated with care 
management Plus Program as detailed below     This benefit shall also include e-consultation given by a 
General Medical Practitioner or Specialist or Super 
  1.  Health Care Professional
Specialist Medical Practitioner or AYUSH medical 
    All insured persons shall be assigned a dedicated 
practitioner through a virtual mode of communication 
Health Care Professional who will act as a first point of 
such as but not limited to chat, email, video, online 
contact for any service need. The Health Care 
portal, or mobile application.
professional will be a certified nutritionist who will 
    Physiotherapy sessions shall be excluded from the 
assist the Insured person(s) with a personalised diet 
scope of this benefit.
depending on their health concerns. The Health Care 
Professional shall encourage and promote optimal      Counselling availed for psychiatric ailments or mental 
health and assist on matters pertaining to fitness, diet  health issues shall be excluded from the scope of this 
and nutrition and wellbeing concerns faced by the  benefit but it shall be covered in E-Counseling (section 
insured persons. He/She will encourage two way  d. Base Cover. 18.4) as per the section d. Benefits 
communication, provide reminders on healthy habits  covered under the policy.
and reassure the insured person in times of need. 
  4.  Routine Diagnostics and Minor Procedure cover
    The health care professional will also play a significant 
    We shall cover medical expenses incurred for 
role in being the primary point of contact to the Insured 
outpatient diagnostic tests recommended by Medical 
Person. The Health Care professional will 
Practitioner under our cashless network available in 
    •  On-board the Insured Person on to our mobile  the mobile application in relation to any Illness 
application contracted or Injury suffered by the Insured Person 
    •  Educate the Insured Person on the pertinent  during the Policy Period and for listed minor procedures 
features of our mobile application such as but not  undergone at a general practitioner or specialist / 
limited to availing Tele-consultations, utilising the  super-specialist medical practitioner by the Insured 
preventive health check-up, conducting the mid- Person during the Policy period maximum up ` 2,000.
term assessment, educating about health      These services shall be provided through our 
assistance services, redemption of wellness points  Empanelled Health Service Provider subject to 
etc. availability at the time of appointment. The diagnostic 
    •  Give care calls to the Insured Person to understand  tests shall include but will not be limited to 
insured person’s issues surrounding fitness, diet &  histopathology, biochemistry, hematology, 
nutrition and wellbeing issues if any and propose  immunology, microbiology, serology, pathology, 
solutions for the same  radiology, ultrasound and TMT. Genetic studies shall be 
excluded from the scope of this cover.
  2.  Update to family members- 
    We may even arrange for diagnostic tests to be carried 
    As a part of the enhanced wellness features, your 
out at the location of the Insured Person provided such 
family members will be regularly updated about your 
location is within the geographical reach of the Health 
health and adherence to prescribed diet(as prescribed 
Service Provider on the date of the request. This service 
under the diet and nutrition e-consultation benefit 
shall be subject to availability of Our empanelled 
under Care management program) via messaging 
Health Service provider.
platform(s) so that they can motivate and encourage 
and participate in your efforts to achieve your      List of Minor Procedures covered under this benefit #
healthcare goals. 
    Sr. No.  Procedure
    The above update shall be provided only on Your 
    1  Drainage of abscess
consent and after You provide us with contact details of 
    2  Injection including Intramuscular 
family member who wishes to receive timely updates 
(Per Injection cost)
about your health and diet regime. 
    3  Intravenous injection(IV)
  3.  Out-patient consultations 
    4  Sprain Management 
    We shall cover the Medical Expenses incurred during 
(Joint movement/ exercise)
the Policy period for out-patient consultations from a 
General Medical Practitioner or Specialist Medical      5  Otoscopic examination 
Practitioner or Super Specialist Medical practitioner or  (Magnifying otoscopy)
AYUSH medical practitioner in relation to any Illness 
    6  Nasal packing for control of haemorrhage
contracted or Injury suffered by the Insured Person 
    7  Nebulizer therapy
during the Policy period subject to the overall 
maximum number of 4 consultations in a Policy Year.      8  Removal of foreign body
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 16 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    List of Minor Procedures covered under this benefit #     i.  Standard exclusions (Exclusions for which 
standard wordings are specified by IRDAI)
    Sr. No.  Procedure
      1.  Code- Excl01: Pre-Existing Diseases 
    9  Suturing (Staple under LA)
        a.   Expenses related to the treatment of a 
    10  Removal of suture
pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct 
    11  Stabilization of joint
complications shall be excluded until the 
    12  Syringing ear to remove wax expiry of 24 months of continuous 
coverage after the date of inception of the 
    13  Application or removal of plaster cast
first policy with insurer.
    14  Laryngoscopy
        b.  In case of enhancement of sum insured the 
    15  Minor wound management
exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent 
    #this includes only the cost of administration.  The  of sum insured increase.
actual cost of consumables shall be covered under the 
        c.  If the Insured Person is continuously 
pharmacy cover. However, the said cost will have to be 
covered without any break as defined 
borne by the insured person in case the annual sum 
under the portability norms of the extant 
insured under the pharmacy cover has been exhausted 
IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, 
or is out of scope of the Pharmacy cover or in case the 
then waiting period for the same would be 
consumable is a non-payable item.
reduced to the extent of prior coverage.
  5.  Pharmacy cover
        d.  Coverage under the policy after the expiry 
    We shall cover medical expenses incurred on purchase  of 24 months for any pre-existing disease 
of medicines, drugs, and medical consumables, as  is subject to the same being declared at 
prescribed by a Medical Practitioner under our  the time of application and accepted by 
cashless network available in the mobile application  Insurer.
for any Illness contracted or Injury suffered by the 
      2.  Code- Excl02: Specified disease/procedure 
Insured Person during the Policy Period, maximum up 
waiting period
to ` 2,000 through our Empanelled Health Service 
        a.  Expenses related to the treatment of the 
Provider subject to availability on the date of the 
listed Conditions, surgeries/treatments 
request.
shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 
    Health supplements, Nutraceuticals, foods for special 
months of continuous coverage after the 
dietary use, foods for special medical purpose, foods 
date of inception of the first policy with us. 
with added probiotics and/or foods with added 
This exclusion shall not be applicable for 
prebiotics, vaccinations, vitamins, tonics or other 
claims arising due to an accident.
related products are excluded from the scope of this 
        b.  In case of enhancement of sum insured the 
cover.
exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent 
  6.  Nursing at Home 
of sum insured increase. 
    We shall cover the expenses incurred by You, up to 
        c.  If any of the specified disease/procedure 
` 2,000 for each day up to a maximum of 15 days post 
falls under the waiting period specified for 
Hospitalization for the medical services of a Qualified 
pre-Existing diseases, then the longer of 
Nurse at Your residence, provided that the nurse is 
the two waiting periods shall apply.
employed in a Hospital and the engagement of such 
        d.  The waiting period for listed conditions 
Qualified Nurse is certified as necessary by a Medical 
shall apply even if contracted after the 
Practitioner and related directly to any Illness or Injury, 
policy or declared and accepted without a 
covered under the Policy. The payment under this cover 
specific exclusion.
is subject to admissibility of Your In-patient treatment 
Claim under the Policy.         e.  If the Insured Person is continuously 
covered without any break as defined 
  d.  Exclusions
under the applicable norms on portability 
    We will not be liable for any Voluntary Deductible 
stipulated by IRDAI, then waiting period 
amount, if applicable and as specifically defined in the 
for the same would be reduced to the 
Policy Schedule under the Policy.
extent of prior coverage.
    We will not be liable to make any payment under this 
Policy in connection with or in respect of any expenses 
whatsoever incurred in connection with or in respect of:
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 17 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    f.  List of specific Illness and Surgical Procedures as mention below:
Sr.  Organ /Organ  Illness/ diagnosis  Surgeries/ Procedures (irrespective of any 
No. System (irrespective of treatments medical or surgical) illness or diagnosis other than cancers)
1 ENT Deviated Nasal Septum Septoplasty
CSOM-Chronic Suppurative Otitis Media Mastoidectomy
Tympanoplasty, Myringotomy & 
Myringoplasty
Any treatment for conditions related to 
tonsils, adenoids, sinuses, Turbinates/ 
concha
2 Gynaecological Fibroids (fibromyoma) Dilatation and curettage (D&C)
Endometriosis, Cervicitis Myomectomy
Uterine Prolapse Hysterectomy (unless due to malignancy
Dysfunctional uterine bleeding
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS)
3 Orthopaedic Arthritis Surgeries for joint replacements
Gout and Rheumatism Repairs/ reconstruction of ligaments/ 
meniscus/ tendons
Spinal and Vertebral Disorders including diagnosis as low back ache
Spinal & Vertebral Surgeries
Arthroscopy
4 Gastrointestinal Stones in gall bladder & Biliary System, cholecystitis, acalculous  Cholecystectomy, Procedures for biliary 
cholecystitis stones
Fissure/fistula in anus, hemorrhoids, pilonidal sinus Endoscopy
Esophageal Varices & Gastric Varices Procedures for Esophageal Varices & 
Gastric Varices
All types Hernia
Endoscopy
Gastrointestinal ulcers including Gastritis & Duodenitis/ Erosions 
of gastrointestinal tract
All forms of Liver cirrhosis 
5 Uro-genital Stones in Urinary system Surgeries and procedures related to 
Stones in Urinary system
Benign Hyperplasia of prostate Prostatic Surgeries
Chronic Renal Failure or end stage Renal Failure or chronic  Dialysis but not limited to haemodialysis & 
kidney disease including dialysis peritoneal dialysis
Hydrocele, varicocele/ rectocele/ Spermatocele
6 Eye Cataract
Retinal detachment
Glaucoma
Usage of intra vitreal injections including but not limited to avastin 
& lucentis
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 18 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    f.  List of specific Illness and Surgical Procedures as mention below: (Contd.)
Sr.  Organ /Organ  Illness/ diagnosis  Surgeries/ Procedures (irrespective of any 
No. System (irrespective of treatments medical or surgical) illness or diagnosis other than cancers)
7 Other General  All internal/ external tumors, cysts, nodules, polyps, sinus, fistula
conditions 
(Applicable to  Varicose veins & Varicose ulcers
all organ 
systems/  Parkinson’s disease/Alzheimer’s disease
organs/ 
disciplines 
whether or not 
described 
above)
3.  a.  Expenses related to the treatment of the below      Expenses related to any admission primarily for 
mentioned illness within 90 days from the first policy  enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This 
commencement date shall be excluded unless they  also includes:
are pre-existing and disclosed at the time of 
    a.  Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility 
underwriting
for personal care such as help with activities of 
    i.   Hypertension daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving 
around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-
    ii.   Diabetes
skilled persons.
    iii. Cardiac Conditions
    b.  Any services for people who are terminally ill to 
  b.  This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured 
address  physical,  social, emotional and spiritual 
Person has continuous coverage for more than twelve 
needs
months.
  iii.  Code- Excl06: Obesity/ Weight Control
  c.  The within referred waiting period is made applicable 
      Expenses related to the surgical treatment of 
to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting 
obesity that does not fulfil all the below conditions:
higher sum insured subsequently.
      1.  Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of 
4.  Code- Excl03: 30-day waiting period
the Doctor
  a.  Expenses related to the treatment of any illness within 
      2.  The surgery/Procedure conducted should be 
30 days from the first policy commencement date shall 
supported by clinical protocols
be excluded except claims arising due to an accident, 
provided the same are covered.       3.  The member has to be 18 years of age or older 
and
  b.  This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured 
Person has Continuous Coverage for more than twelve        4.  Body Mass Index (BMI);
months.
        a.  greater than or equal to 40 or
  c.  The within referred waiting period is made applicable 
        b.  greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction 
to the enhanced sum insured in the event of granting 
with any of the following severe co-
higher sum insured subsequently
morbidities following failure of less 
  Unless covered by way of an appropriate extensions /  invasive methods of weight loss:
optional covers, We shall not be liable to make any 
          i.  Obesity-related cardiomyopathy
payment under this Policy in connection with or in 
          ii.  Coronary heart disease
respect of
          iii.  Severe Sleep Apnea
5.  Permanent Exclusions 
          iv.  Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes
  i.  Code- Excl04: Investigation & Evaluation
  iv.  Code- Excl07:  Change of Gender treatments 
    a.  Expenses related to any admission primarily for 
diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are      Expenses related to any treatment, including surgical 
excluded. management, to change characteristics of the body to 
those of the opposite sex.
    b.  Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or 
not incidental to the current diagnosis and    v.  Code- Excl08: Cosmetic or plastic Surgery
treatment are excluded.     Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any 
  ii.  Code - Excl05: Exclusion Name: Rest Cure,  treatment to change appearance unless for 
rehabilitation and respite care- reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 19 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to    xv.  Code- Excl18: Maternity: Medical treatment expenses 
remove a direct and immediate health risk to the  traceable to childbirth (including complicated 
insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it  deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during 
must be certified by the attending Medical Practitioner. hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy. Expenses 
  vi.  Code- Excl09: Hazardous or Adventure sports towards miscarriage (unless due to an accident) and 
lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the 
    Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to 
policy period
participation as a professional in hazardous or 
adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-   ii.  Specific exclusions (Exclusions other than those 
jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor  mentioned under e.i. above)
racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky      6.  Any ailment/ illness/ injury/ condition or treatment 
diving, deep-sea diving. or service that is specifically excluded in the Policy 
  vii.  Code- Excl10: Breach of law Schedule under Special Conditions
    Expenses for treatment directly arising from or      7.  Any expenses incurred on prosthesis, corrective 
consequent upon any Insured Person committing or  devices, external durable medical equipment of 
attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal  any kind, instruments used in treatment of sleep 
intent. apnoea syndrome or cost of cochlear implant(s) 
  viii. Code- Excl11: Excluded Providers unless necessitated by an Accident or required 
intra-operatively.
    Expenses incurred towards treatment in any hospital or 
by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider      8.  Multifocal Lens and ambulatory devices such as 
specifically excluded by the Insurer and disclosed in its  walkers, crutches, splints, stockings of any kind 
website / notified to the policyholders are not admissible.  and also any medical equipment which is 
However, in case of life threatening situations or  subsequently used at home. 
following an accident, expenses up to the stage of 
    9.  Expenses incurred on dental treatment unless 
stabilization are payable but not the complete claim
necessitated due to an Accident
  ix.  Code- Excl12: Treatment for, Alcoholism, drug or 
    10. Personal comfort, cosmetics, convenience and 
substance abuse or any addictive condition and 
hygiene related items and services
consequences thereof. 
    11. Acupressure, acupuncture, magnetic and other 
  x.  Code- Excl13: Treatments     received     in     heath   
therapies
hydros,   nature   cure   clinics,   spas   or similar 
establishments or private beds registered as a nursing      12. Circumcision unless necessary for treatment of an 
home attached to such establishments or where  Illness or necessitated due to an Accident.  
admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic      13. Expenses for venereal disease or any sexually 
reasons. transmitted disease (except HIV/AIDS)
  xi.  Code- Excl14: Dietary supplements and substances that      14. Any Treatment or medical services taken outside 
can be purchased without prescription, including but   the geographical boundaries of India.
not limited to Vitamins,   minerals   and   organic 
    15. Any expenses incurred on out-patient (OPD) 
substances  unless prescribed by a medical practitioner 
treatment. (This exclusion shall not be applicable 
as part of hospitalization claim or day care procedure.
in case care management plus program has been 
  xii.  Code- Excl15: Expenses related to the treatment for 
opted for by payment of additional premium)
correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 
    16. Intentional self-injury (whether arising from an 
7.5 dioptres
attempt to commit suicide or otherwise)
  xiii. Code- Excl16: Unproven Treatments: Expenses  
    17. Any injury or illness caused by or arising from or 
related  to  any  unproven  treatment,  services  and  
attributed to war, invasion, acts of foreign 
supplies for  or  in connection with any treatment. 
enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or 
Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or 
not), civil war, commotion, unrest, rebellion, 
supplies that lack significant medical documentation 
revolution, military or usurped power or 
to support their effectiveness.
confiscation or nationalisation or requisition of or 
  xiv. Code- Excl17: Sterility and Infertility:  Expenses related 
damage by or under the order of any government 
to sterility and infertility. This includes:
or public local authority
    i.  Any type of contraception, sterilization
    18. Any Illness or Injury caused by or contributed to by 
    ii.  Assisted Reproduction services including artificial 
nuclear weapons/materials or contributed to by or 
insemination and advanced reproductive 
arising from ionising radiation or contamination by 
technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI
radioactivity by any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear 
    iii.  Gestational Surrogacy waste or from the combustion of nuclear fuel
    iv.  Reversal of sterilization
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 20 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    19. Treatment for any condition / illness which requires          (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean the rate 
hormone replacement therapy. fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the 
beginning of the financial year in which claim 
    20. Artificial life maintenance for the Insured Person 
has fallen due)
who has been declared brain dead or in vegetative 
state as demonstrated by:     4.  Complete Discharge
      a.   Deep coma and unresponsiveness to all forms        Any payment to the policyholder, insured person or 
of stimulation; or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or 
assignee or to the hospital as the case may be, for 
      b.   Absent pupillary light reaction; or
any benefit under the Policy shall be a valid 
      c.   Absent oculo-vestibular and corneal reflexes; 
discharge towards payment of claim by the 
or
Company to the extent of that amount for the 
      d.   Complete apnea. particular claim
e.  General Terms and Clauses     5.  Multiple Policies
  i.  Standard General Terms and Clauses (General Terms        i.  In case of multiple policies taken by an insured 
and clauses whose wordings are specified by IRDAI) person during a period from one or more 
    1.  Disclosure of Information insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the 
insured person shall have the right to require a 
      The Policy shall be void and all premium paid 
settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of 
thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the 
his/her policies. In all such cases the insurer 
event of misrepresentation, mis-description or 
chosen by the insured person shall be obliged 
non-disclosure of any material fact by the 
to settle the claim as long as the claim is within 
policyholder
the limits of and according to the terms of the 
      (Explanation: "Material facts" for the purpose of  chosen policy.
this policy shall mean all relevant information 
      ii.  Insured Person having multiple policies shall 
sought by the company in the proposal form and 
also have the right to prefer claims under this 
other connected documents to enable it to take 
policy for  the amounts disallowed under any 
informed decision in the context of underwriting 
other policy / policies, even if the sum insured is 
the risk)
not exhausted. Then the Insurer shall 
    2.  Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability independently settle the claim subject to the 
      The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled  terms and conditions of this policy.
by the insured person for the Company to make any        iii.  If the amount to be claimed exceeds the sum 
payment for claim(s) arising under the policy. insured under a single policy, the insured 
    3.  Claim Settlement (provision for Penal lnterest) person shall have the right to choose insurers 
from whom he/she wants to claim the balance 
      I.  The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as 
amount.
the case may be, within 30 days from the date 
of receipt of last necessary document.       iv.  Where an insured person has policies from 
more than one insurer to cover the same risk 
      II.  ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, 
on indemnity basis,  the insured person shall 
the Company shall be liable to pay interest to 
only be indemnified the treatment costs in 
the policyholder from the date of receipt of last 
accordance with the terms and conditions of 
necessary document to the date of payment of 
the chosen policy.
claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate.
    6.  Fraud
      III.  However, where the circumstances of a claim 
warrant an investigation in the opinion of the        If any claim made by the insured person, is in any 
Company, it shall initiate and complete such  respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or 
investigation at the earliest, in any case not  declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if 
later than 30 days from the date of receipt of  any fraudulent means or devices are used by the 
last necessary document. ln such cases, the  insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to 
Company shall settle or reject the claim within  obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits under 
45 days from the date of receipt of last  this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited.
necessary document.       Any amount already paid against claims made 
      IV.  ln case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the  under this policy but which are found fraudulent 
Company shall be liable to pay interest to the  later shall be repaid by all recipient(s) / 
policyholder at a rate 2% above the bank rate  policyholder(s), who has made that particular 
from the date of receipt of last necessary  claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for 
document to the date of payment of claim. such repayment to the insurer.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 21 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
      For the purpose of this clause, the expression    8.  Migration:
"fraud" means any of the following acts committed 
    The insured person will have the option to migrate the 
by the Insured Person or by his agent or the 
policy to other health insurance products/plans offered 
hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of 
by the company by applying for migration of the policy 
the insured person, with intent to deceive the 
at least 30 days before the policy renewal date as per 
insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an 
IRDAI guidelines on Migration. lf such person is 
insurance Policy :-
presently covered and has been continuously covered  
      a)  the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not  without any lapses under any health insurance 
true and which the Insured Person does not  product/ plan offered by the company, the insured 
believe to be true; person will get the accrued continuity benefits in 
waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on migration.
      b)  the active concealment of a fact by the Insured 
Person having knowledge or belief of the fact;      For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link
https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelines_Layo
      c)  any other act fitted to deceive; and
ut.aspx?page=PageNo3987
      d)  any such act or omission as the law specially 
  9.  Portability 
declares to be fraudulent
    The insured person will have the option to port the 
      The company shall not repudiate the claim and / or 
policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to 
forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of fraud, if 
port the entire policy along with all the members of the 
the insured person / beneficiary can prove that the 
family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier 
misstatement was true to the best of his 
than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI 
knowledge and there was no deliberate intention 
guidelines related to portability. lf such person is 
to suppress the fact or that such mis-statement of 
presently covered and has been continuously covered 
or suppression of material fact are within the 
without any lapses under any health insurance policy 
knowledge of the insurer. 
with an lndian General/Health insurer, the proposed 
  7.  Cancellation insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits 
    a)  The policyholder may cancel this Policy by giving  in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on 
15 days' written notice, and in such an event, the  portability.
Company shall refund premium for the unexpired      For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link
Policy Period as detailed below. https://www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGuidelin
      Cancellation Period  Refund %  Refund %  Refund % es_Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987    
        for 1 year  for 2 years  for 3 years
  10. Renewal of Policy
        tenure   tenure  tenure 
        policy  policy  policy     The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on 
      From 16 days to 1 month  75%  80%  80%
grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the insured 
      From 1 month to  3 months  60%  70%  75%
person
      From 3 months to 6 months  40%  60%  70%
      From 6 months to 9 months  20%  50%  60%     i.  The Company shall endeavor to give notice for 
      From 9 months to 12 months  0%  40%  55% renewal. However, the Company is not under 
      From 12 months to 15 months   -  30%  45% obligation to give any notice for renewal.
      From 15 months to 18 months   -  20%  40%
    ii.  Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the 
      From 18 months to 21 months   -  10%  35%
insured person had made a claim or claims in the 
      From 21 months to 24 months   -  0%  25%
preceding policy years.
      From 24 months to 27 months   -  -   20%
      From 27 months to 30 months   -   -  10%     iii.  Request for renewal along with requisite premium 
      From 30 months to 33 months   -   -  5% shall be received by the Company before the end of 
      From 33 months to 36 months   -   -  0% the policy period.
      Notwithstanding anything contained herein or      iv.  At the end of the policy period, the policy shall 
otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in   terminate and can be renewed within the Grace 
respect of Cancellation where, any claim has been  Period of 30 days to maintain continuity of benefits 
admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has  without break in policy. Coverage is not available 
been availed by the Insured person under the  during the grace period.
Policy.
    v.  No loading shall apply on renewals based on 
    b)  The Company may cancel the Policy at any time on  individual claims experience.
grounds of mis-representation, non-disclosure of 
  11. Withdrawal of Policy
material facts, fraud by the Insured Person, by 
giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no      i.  ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in 
refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of  future, the Company will intimate the insured 
mis-representation, non-disclosure of material  person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of 
facts or fraud. the policy.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 22 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    ii.  lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to    15. Free look period
similar health insurance product available with the 
    The Free Look Period shall be applicable  on new 
Company at the time of renewal with all the 
individual health insurance policies and not on 
accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative 
renewals or at the time of porting/migrating the policy.
bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI 
    The insured person shall be allowed free look period of 
guidelines, provided the policy has been 
fifteen days from date of receipt of the Policy 
maintained without a break.
documents to review the  terms and conditions of the 
  12. Moratorium Period 
Policy, and to return the same if not acceptable.
    After completion of eight continuous years under this 
    If the insured has not made any claim during the Free 
policy no look back would be applied. This period of 
Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to
eight years is called as moratorium period. The 
    a)  a refund of the premium paid less any expenses 
moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured 
incurred by the company on medical examination 
of the first policy and subsequently completion of 8 
of the insured person and the stamp duty charges; 
continuous years would be applicable from date of 
or
enhancement of sum insured only on the enhanced 
limits. After the expiry of Moratorium Period no health      b)  where the risk has already commenced and the 
insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven  option of return of the Policy is exercised by the  
fraud and permanent exclusions specified in the policy  insured person, a deduction towards the 
contract. The policies would however be subject to all  proportionate risk premium for period of cover or
limits, sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the      c)  where only a part of the insurance coverage has 
policy contract commenced, such proportionate premium 
  13. Premium Payment in lnstalments (Wherever  commensurate with the insurance coverage 
applicable)  during such period;
    lf the insured person has opted for Payment of    16. Redressal of Grievances
Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Half Yearly,      ln case of any grievance the insured person may 
Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy  contact the company through
Schedule/Certificate of lnsurance, the following 
    Website : www.icicilombard.com
Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms 
    Toll Free :  1800 2666
contrary elsewhere in the policy)
    E-Mail  :  customersupport@icicilombard.com
    i.  Grace Period of 15  days would be given to pay the 
    Courier : ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd.
instalment premium due for the policy.
       I CICI Lombard House, 
    ii.  During such grace period, coverage will not be 
      414, Veer Savarkar Marg, 
available from the due date of instalment premium 
      Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, 
till the date of receipt of premium by Company.
      Prabhadevi, Mumbai- 400025
    iii.  The insured person will get the accrued continuity 
    lnsured person may also approach the grievance cell at 
benefit in respect of the "Waiting Periods", 
any of the company's branches with the details of 
"Specific Waiting Periods" in the event of payment 
grievance.
of premium within the stipulated grace Period.
    lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of 
    iv.  No interest will be charged lf the instalment 
grievance through one of the above methods, insured 
premium is not paid on due date.
person may contact the grievance officer at : 
    v.  ln case of instalment premium due not received 
    Manager- Service Quality,  
within the grace period, the policy will get 
    Corporate Manager- Service Quality, 
cancelled.
    National Manager- Operations &
    vi.  ln the event of a claim, all subsequent premium 
    finally Director-services and Business development at 
instalments shall immediately become due and 
the following address:
payable.
    ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited,
    vii.  The company has the right to recover and deduct 
    ICICI Lombard House, 
all the pending instalments from the claim amount 
    414, Veer Savarkar Marg, 
due under the policy.
    Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple,
  14. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including      Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400 025.
the Premium Rates 
    For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer the link
    The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise 
    https://www.icicilombard.com/grievance-redressal
or modify the terms of the policy including the premium 
    lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of 
rates. The insured person shall be notified three 
grievance through above methods, the insured person 
months before the changes are effected.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 23 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
may also approach the office of lnsurance  based co-payment shall not be applicable in case of 
Ombudsman of the respective area/region for  medically necessary treatment taken for road traffic 
redressal of grievance as per lnsurance Ombudsman  accidents.
Rules 2017.  Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI 
    The additional zone based co-payment that will be levied will 
lntegrated Grievance Management System  be as per tables mentioned below
https://igms.irda.gov.in/
      Additional zone based Co-Payment Grid
  17. Nomination:   Treatment   Zone opted at 
  taken in Zone  policy issuance
    The policyholder is required at the inception of the 
policy to make a nomination for the purpose of      A  B  C
payment of claims under the policy in the event of    A  0%  15.0%  25.0%
death of the policyholder. Any change of nomination    B  Nil additional   0%  12.0%
shall be communicated to the company in writing and      co-payment
such change shall be effective only when an 
  C  Nil additional  Nil additional   0%    
endorsement on the policy is made. ln the event of      co-payment  co-payment 
death of the policyholder, the Company will pay the 
    Please refer to the claim illustrations as detailed in g. 
nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/Policy 
other terms and conditions 1. Claim Administration for 
Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no 
further understanding
subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal 
  19. Conditional Underwriting
representatives of the policyholder whose discharge 
shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability      Risk based loading:
under the policy.     We may apply a risk loading on the premium payable 
ii.  Specific terms and clauses (terms and other clauses  (based on the declarations made in the proposal form 
other than those mentioned above under f. I. above) and the health status of the persons proposed for 
insurance) at the Commencement Date or on any 
  18. Zone based Premium
renewal of the Policy with Us or on the receipt of a 
    This Policy only covers medical treatment taken within 
request for enhancing the Annual Sum Insured. The 
India arising during the Policy Period. All payments 
maximum risk loading applicable for an individual will 
under this Policy will only be made in Indian Rupees 
not exceed 100% per diagnosis / medical condition and 
within India. 
an overall risk loading of 200% per individual. 
    The construction, interpretation and meaning of the 
    We will send You the applicable risk loading in writing 
provisions of this Policy shall be determined in 
via a counter offer letter. You shall give Us Your consent 
accordance with Indian law. 
and the additional premium (if any), within 15 days of 
    For the purpose of Policy issuance, the premium will be  the issuance of Our Counter offer letter. 
computed basis the zone chosen by the Insured Person 
    If You neither accept Our letter nor revert to Us within 
in the proposal form. The premium that would be 
15 days, We will cancel Your application and refund the 
applicable zone wise and the cities defined in each 
premium paid within the next 7 days.
zone are as under:
  20. Material Change
    •  Zone A- NCR*, Mumbai, Thane District,, Navi 
    The Insured shall notify the Company in writing of any 
Mumbai, Gujarat, Kolkata
material change in the risk in relation to the declaration 
    •  Zone B- Hyderabad, Secunderabad, Chhattisgarh, 
made in the proposal form or medical examination 
Madhya Pradesh, Daman & Diu, Dadar & Nagar 
report at each Renewal and the Company may, adjust 
Haveli, Goa, Maharashtra (excluding Mumbai, 
the scope of cover and/or premium, if necessary, 
Thane District, Navi Mumbai)
accordingly.
    •  Zone C- Rest of India
  21. Records to be Maintained
    NCR* includes Includes Delhi and the following 
    The Insured Person shall keep an accurate record 
districts: Faridabad, Gurgaon/Gurugram, Mewat, 
containing all relevant medical records and shall allow 
Rohtak, Sonipat, Panipat, Jhajjhar, Palwal, Karnal, 
the Company or its representatives to inspect such 
Ghaziabad, Noida/Gautam Budh Nagar, Bulandshahr, 
records. The Proposer or Insured Person shall furnish 
Baghpat, Hapur, Shamli, Muzaffarnagar
such information as the Company may require for 
    Additional zone based Co-Payment would be levied on  settlement of any claim under the Policy, within 
each and every claim (over and above the base co- reasonable time limit and within the time limit specified 
payment opted by the Insured person) in case  in the Policy.
medically necessary treatment has been taken in a 
  22. Notice & Communication
zone higher (Zone A being the highest followed by 
    i.  Any notice, direction, instruction or any other 
Zone B and then Zone C) than the zone for which 
communication related to the Policy should be 
premium has been paid on issuance of the policy. Zone 
made in writing.
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 24 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    ii.  Such communication shall be sent to the address  and Conciliation Act 1996, as amended by 
of the Company or through any other electronic  Arbitration  and Conciliation  (Amendment) Act, 
modes specified in the Policy Schedule. 2015 (No. 3 of 2016).
    iii.  The Company shall communicate to the Insured at      ii.  It is clearly agreed and understood that no difference 
the address or through any other electronic mode  or dispute shall be preferable to arbitration as herein 
mentioned in the schedule. before provided, if the Company has disputed or not 
accepted liability under or in respect of the policy, iii. It 
  23. Territorial Limit
is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it 
    All medical treatment for the purpose of this insurance 
shall be a condition precedent to any right of action or 
will have to be taken in India only.
suit upon the policy that award by such arbitrator / 
  24. Automatic change in Coverage under the policy arbitrators of the amount of expenses shall be first 
    The coverage for the Insured Person(s) shall  obtained.
automatically terminate:   27. Policy alignment 
    i.  In the case of his/ her (Insured Person) demise.     Policy Alignment option will be available in cases 
      However the cover shall continue for the remaining  wherein insured(s) with two separate health indemnity 
Insured Persons till the end of Policy Period. The  policies with Us, having different policy end dates but 
other insured persons may also apply to renew the  want to align the policy start dates. We can align the 
policy. In case, the other insured person is minor,  policies by extending the coverage of one policy till the 
the policy shall be renewed only through any one  end date of the other policy.
of his/her natural guardian or guardian appointed      Such policies will be charged with premium on pro rata 
by court. All relevant particulars in respect of such  basis though the sum insured under the policy shall 
person (including his/her relationship with the  remain constant. 
insured person) must be submitted to the company 
  28. Endorsements (Changes in Policy)
along with the application. Provided no claim has 
    i.  This policy constitutes the complete contract of 
been made, and termination takes place on 
insurance. This Policy cannot be modified by 
account of death of the insured person, pro-rata 
anyone (including an insurance agent or broker) 
refund of premium of the deceased insured person 
except the company. Any change made by the 
for the balance period of the policy will be effective.
company shall be evidenced by a written 
    ii.  Upon exhaustion of sum insured and additional 
endorsement signed and stamped.
sum insured (if any), for the policy year. However, 
    ii.  The proposer may be changed only at the time of 
the policy is  subject to renewal on the due date as 
renewal. The new proposer must be the legal 
per the applicable terms and conditions.
heir/immediate family member. Such change 
  25. Territorial Jurisdiction would be subject to acceptance by the company 
    All disputes or differences under or in relation to the  and payment of premium (if any). The renewed 
interpretation of the terms, conditions, validity,  Policy shall be treated as having been  renewed 
construct, limitations and/or exclusions contained in  without break.
the Policy shall be determined by the Indian court and      iii.  The proposer may be changed during the Policy 
according to Indian law.  Period only in case of his/her demise or him/her 
  26. Arbitration moving out of India.
    i.  If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the      iv.  Mid- term endorsement of addition of members in 
quantum to be paid by the Policy, (liability being  the policy shall not be permitted
otherwise admitted) such difference shall    29. Change of Sum Insured
independently of all other questions, be referred to 
    Sum insured can be changed (increased/ decreased) 
the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in 
only at the time of renewal subject to underwriting by 
writing by the parties here to or if they cannot 
the Company. For any increase in SI, the waiting period 
agree upon a single arbitrator within thirty days of 
shall start afresh only for the enhanced portion of the 
any party invoking arbitration, the same shall be 
sum insured. 
referred to a panel of three arbitrators, comprising 
  30. Non Payables
two arbitrators, one to be appointed by each of the 
parties to the dispute/difference and the third      Below are the non-payable items applicable in the 
arbitrator to be appointed by such two arbitrators  policy. The list may be updated as per the direction of 
and arbitration shall be conducted under and in  Authority, for updated list please visit our website: 
accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration  www.iciciclombard.com
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 25 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
List of Non Payable Items as per IRDAI List of Non Payable Items as per IRDAI (Contd.)
 Sr. No.  Items  Sr. No.  Items
  1  BABY FOOD   48  NIMBUS BED OR WATER OR AIR BED CHARGES
  2  BABY UTILITIES CHARGES   49  AMBULANCE COLLAR
  3  BEAUTY SERVICES   50  AMBULANCE EQUIPMENT
  4  BELTS/ BRACES   51  ABDOMINAL BINDER
  5  BUDS    52  PRIVATE NURSES CHARGES- SPECIAL NURSING 
CHARGES
  6  COLD PACK/HOT PACK
  53  SUGAR FREE Tablets
  7  CARRY BAGS
  54  CREAMS POWDERS LOTIONS (Toiletries are not 
  8  EMAIL / INTERNET CHARGES
payable, only prescribed medical pharmaceuticals 
  9  FOOD CHARGES (OTHER THAN PATIENT’s DIET
payable)
    PROVIDED BY HOSPITAL)
  55  ECG ELECTRODES
  10  LEGGINGS
  56  GLOVES
  11  LAUNDRY CHARGES
  57  NEBULISATION KIT
  12  MINERAL WATER
  58  RECOVERY KIT, ETC]ANY KIT WITH NO DETAILS 
  13  SANITARY PAD
MENTIONED [DELIVERY KIT, ORTHOKIT,
  14  TELEPHONE CHARGES
  59  KIDNEY TRAY
  15  GUEST SERVICES
  60  MASK
  16  CREPE BANDAGE
  61  OUNCE GLASS
  17  DIAPER OF ANY TYPE
  62  OXYGEN MASK
  18  EYELET COLLAR
  63  PELVIC TRACTION BELT
  19  SLINGS
  64  PAN CAN
  20  BLOOD GROUPING AND CROSS MATCHING OF 
  65  TROLLY COVER
DONORS SAMPLES
  66  UROMETER, URINE JUG
  21  SERVICE CHARGES WHERE NURSING CHARGE 
  67  AMBULANCE
ALSO CHARGED
  68  VASOFIX SAFETY
  22  Television Charges
  f.  Other Terms and Conditions 
  23  SURCHARGES
    1.  Claim Administration
  24  ATTENDANT CHARGES
      The fulfilment of the terms and conditions of this 
  25  EXTRA DIET OF PATIENT (OTHER THAN THAT 
Policy (including payment of premium by the due 
WHICH FORMS PART OF BED
dates mentioned in the Policy Schedule) insofar as 
  26  BIRTH CERTIFICATE
they relate to anything to be done or complied with 
  27  CERTIFICATE CHARGES
by each of You shall be conditions precedent to 
  28  COURIER CHARGES
admission of Our liability. You are requested to go 
  29  CONVEYANCE CHARGES
through our list of de-listed/excluded providers 
  30  MEDICAL CERTIFICATE which is available on our website. As the list is 
  31  MEDICAL RECORDS dynamic, please refer to the latest list.
  32  PHOTOCOPIES CHARGES       The claim pay-out would be adjudicated in 
  33  MORTUARY CHARGES following sequence:
  34  WALKING AIDS CHARGES       i.  If a room/ICU accommodation has been opted 
  35  OXYGEN CYLINDER (FOR USAGE OUTSIDE THE  for where the room rent or category is higher 
HOSPITAL) than the eligible limit as applicable for the 
Insured Person, then the associated medical 
  36  SPACER
expenses payable shall be pro-rated as per 
  37  SPIROMETRE
applicable limits.
  38  NEBULIZER KIT
      ii.  Associated medical expenses means those 
  39  STEAM INHALER
expenses as listed below which vary in 
  40  ARMSLING
accordance with the room rent or room 
  41  THERMOMETER
category or ICU Charges in a hospital:
  42  CERVICAL COLLAR         a.  Room, boarding, nursing and operation 
  43  SPLINT theatre expenses as charged by the 
  44  DIABETIC FOOT WEAR Hospital where the insured person availed 
  45  KNEE BRACES (LONG/ SHORT/ HINGED) treatment 
  46  KNEE IMMOBILIZER/SHOULDER IMMOBILIZER         b.  Intensive care unit (ICU) Charges
  47  LUMBO SACRAL BELT
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 26 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
        c.  Fees charged by surgeon, anesthetist,  applied incase voluntary deductible has been 
medical practitioner opted for. 
        d.  Investigation expenses       v.  Base Co-payment shall be applicable on the 
      iii.  Zone based co-payment shall be applicable in   amount payable by Us and our liability to 
all cases (Except medically necessary  make payment shall than be arrived at.
treatment for road traffic accidents) where        vi.  In case, the claim is for a Procedure/Medical 
treatment is taken in a zone higher than for  Condition/Ailment/Disease which is subject to 
which premium was paid for sub-limits as per policy terms and conditions, 
      iv.  The voluntary deductible shall be applied to  the claim will be settled to the extent of 
aggregate of all claims that are either paid or  amount which is lesser of the three amounts – 
payable (not excluded) under this policy. Our  i.e. claimed amount or maximum amount as 
liability to make payment shall commence only  per sub-limits applicable or ICICI Lombard 
once the aggregate amount of all claims  Liability after deduction of base co-payment/ 
payable or paid exceed the voluntary  voluntary deductible.
deductible. Base Co-payment shall not be 
Illustrations for claim settlement
Illustration 1 - Insured Person opted for base co-payment
Heading Particulars Scenario 1 Scenario 2 Scenario 3
A. Annual Sum Insured ` 10,00,000 ` 10,00,000 ` 10,00,000
B. Base Co-payment opted at time of policy issuance 20% 20% 20%
Zone opted B (Goa) B (Goa) B (Goa)
Hospitalization Diagnosis Heart Attack/  Heart Attack/  Heart Attack/ 
PTCA done/  PTCA done/  PTCA done/ 
Cardiovascular  Cardiovascular  Cardiovascular 
disease disease disease
Treatment taken in Goa (Zone B) Mumbai (Zone A) Guwahati (Zone C)
C. Hospitalisation expenses Amount ` 4,00,000 ` 5,00,000 ` 3,00,000
D. Pre and Post hospitalisation expenses ` 35,000 ` 50,000 ` 20,000
E. Total claimed Expenses*[C+D] ` 4,35,000 ` 5,50,000 ` 3,20,000
F. Zone based co-payment 0% 15% 0%
G. Claimed amount after application of zone based co-payment  ` 4,35,000 ` 4,67,500 ` 3,20,000
[E*F]
H. Sub-limit for cardiovascular diseases  ` 3,50,000  ` 3,50,000  ` 3,50,000
I. Insured Person liability after application of base co-payment   ` 87,000  ` 93,500  ` 64,000
[G*B]
J. ICICI Lombard Liability after deduction of co-payment [G-I]  ` 3,48,000  ` 3,74,000  ` 2,56,000
K. Final payable amount to Insured Person [lesser amount out of G, H, J]  ` 3,48,000  ` 3,50,000  ` 2,56,000
L. Balance Annual Sum Insured [A-K]  ` 6,52,000  ` 6,50,000  ` 7,44,000
*It has been assumed that total claimed expenses are same as total payable expenses. i.e. there are no deductions in the claimed amount.
Illustration 2 - Insured person opted for voluntary deductible
Heading Particulars Scenario 1 Scenario 2 Scenario 3
A. Annual Sum Insured ` 20,00,000 ` 20,00,000 ` 20,00,000
B. Voluntary deductible opted at time of policy issuance ` 4,00,000 ` 4,00,000 ` 4,00,000
C. Base Co-payment applicable NA NA NA
Zone opted B (Goa) B (Goa) B (Goa)
Hospitalization Diagnosis Heart Attack/  Heart Attack/  Heart Attack/ 
PTCA done/  PTCA done/  PTCA done/ 
Cardiovascular  Cardiovascular  Cardiovascular 
disease disease disease
Treatment taken in Goa  (Zone B) Mumbai (Zone A) Guwahati (Zone C)
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 27 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
Illustrations for claim settlement  (Contd.)
Illustration 2 - Insured person opted for voluntary deductible (Contd.)
Heading Particulars Scenario 1 Scenario 2 Scenario 3
D. Hospitalisation expenses Amount ` 4,00,000 ` 5,00,000 ` 3,00,000
E. Pre and Post hospitalisation expenses ` 35,000 ` 50,000 ` 20,000
F. Total claimed Expenses*[D+E] ` 4,35,000 ` 5,50,000 ` 3,20,000
G. Zone based co-payment 0% 15% 0%
H. Claimed amount after application of zone based co-payment  ` 4,35,000 ` 4,67,500 ` 3,20,000
[F*G]
I. IL Liability after application of voluntary deductible [H-B]  ` 35,000  ` 67,500 NA as 
expenses have 
not crossed 
voluntary 
deductible 
amount
J. Sub-limit for cardiovascular diseases  ` 3,50,000  ` 3,50,000  ` 3,50,000
K. Final payable amount to Insured Person [lesser amount out of I,J]  ` 35,000  ` 67,500 -
L. Balance Annual Sum Insured [A-K]  ` 19,65,000  ` 19,32,500  ` 20,00,000
*It has been assumed that total claimed expenses are same as total payable expenses. i.e. there are no deductions in the claimed amount.
The claim amount assessed above would be deducted from the  authorization by providing Your Policy number and ID 
following amounts in the following progressive order: proof to the hospital who can co-ordinate with Our 
1.  Annual Sum Insured claim team to provide cashless facility. We will consider 
Your request after having obtained accurate and 
2.  Additional Sum Insured/Cumulative Bonus (if accrued and 
complete information for the Illness or Injury for which 
available)
cashless Hospitalization facility is sought by You and 
3.  Reset Sum Insured (If applicable)
We will confirm Your request in writing.
Further, upon the discovery or happening of any Illness or Injury 
  B.  For Reimbursement Settlement
that may give rise to a Claim under this Policy, then as a 
    i.  You shall give notice to Us or Our in house claim 
condition precedent to the admission of Our liability, You shall 
processing team by calling the toll free number 
undertake the following:
1800 2666 or emailing us at a s 
1.1 Claims Procedure
customersupport@icicilombard.com specified in 
  A.  For Cashless Settlement 
the Policy provided to You and also in writing at 
    Cashless treatment is only available at a Network  Our address with particulars as below:
Provider (List of Network Providers is available at our 
      v  Policy number;
website). In order to avail of cashless treatment, the 
      v  Your Name;
following procedure must be followed by You:
      v  Your relationship with the Policyholder;
    Pre-authorization
      v  Nature of Illness or Injury;
    Prior to taking treatment and/ or incurring Medical 
Expenses at a Network Provider, You must contact Us        v  Name and address of the attending Medical 
or Our in house claim processing team accompanied  Practitioner and the Hospital;
with full particulars namely, Policy Number, Your name,        v  Any other information that may be relevant to 
Your relationship with Policy Holder, nature of Illness or  the Illness/ Injury/ Hospitalisation
Injury, name and address of the Medical Practitioner/ 
      The above information needs to be provided to Us 
Hospital and any other information that may be 
or Our in house claim processing team immediately 
relevant to the Illness/ Injury/ Hospitalisation. You must 
and in any event within 10 days of Hospitalization, 
request preauthorization at least 48 hours before a 
failing which We will have the right to treat the 
planned Hospitalization and in case of an emergency 
Claim as inadmissible, as We may deem fit at Our 
situation, within 24 hours of Hospitalization. To avail of 
sole discretion.
Cashless Hospitalization facility, you are required to 
    ii.  You must immediately consult a Medical 
produce the health card, as provided to You with this 
Practitioner and follow the advice and treatment 
Policy, subject to the terms and conditions for the 
that he recommends.
usage of the said health card Or You can seek pre 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 28 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
    You or someone claiming on Your behalf must promptly  of Policy) OR communicate non admissibility of claim 
and in any event within 30 days of Your discharge from  within 14 days after You submit complete set of 
a Hospital (for post-hospitalization expenses, within  documents & information in respect of the claims. In 
30 days from the completion of post-hospitalization  case We fail to make the payment of admissible claims 
period) deliver to Us the documentation (written details  or to communicate non admissibility of claim within the 
of the quantum of any Claim along with all original  time period, We shall pay 2% interest over and above 
supporting documentation) as more particularly listed  the rate defined as per IRDAI (Protection of 
in Claim documents section. In case there is a delay  Policyholder's interest) Regulation 2017.
beyond 30 days in submission of  claim documents, we 
  B.  For Cashless Claims: If You notify pre authorization 
may condone the delay provided the insured person 
request for cashless facility through any of Our 
submits a valid reason justifying the delay to us in 
empanelled network hospitals along with complete set 
writing. However, in both the above cases i.e. 
of documents & information, We will respond within 4 
g.1.1.1(A) & (B), You must take reasonable steps or 
hours of the actual receipt of such pre authorization 
measure to minimise the quantum of any Claim that 
request with:
may be covered under the Policy If so requested by Us 
    a.  Approval, or
or Our in house claim processing team, You will have to 
    b.  Rejection, or
undergo a medical examination from Our nominated 
Medical Practitioner, as and when We or Our in house      c.  Query seeking further information
claim processing team considers reasonable and 
      In case the request is for enhancement, i.e. Request 
necessary. The cost of such examination will be borne 
for increase in the amount already authorized, We 
by Us.
will respond to it within 3 hours.
  Claim falling in two Policy periods
      In case of delay in response by Us beyond the time 
  If the claim event falls within two Policy periods, the claims  period as stated above for cashless claims, We 
shall be paid taking into consideration the available Sum  shall be liable to pay ` 1,000 to You. Our maximum 
Insured in the two Policy periods, including the Deductions  liability in respect of a single hospitalization shall, 
for each Policy Period. Such eligible claim amount to be  at no time exceed ` 1,000. We will not be liable to 
payable to the Insured shall be reduced to the extent of  make any payments under this Claim Service 
premium to be received for the Renewal/due date of  Guarantee in case of any force majeure, natural 
premium of health insurance Policy, if not received earlier. event or manmade disturbance which impedes 
Our inability to make a decision or to communicate 
1.2 CLAIM DOCUMENTS
such decisions to You.
  You shall be required to furnish the following documents for 
      The service guarantee shall not be applicable for 
or in support of a Claim:
any cases delayed on account of reasonable 
  i.  Duly completed Claim form signed by You and the 
apprehension  of fraud or fraudulent  claims or 
Medical Practitioner. The claim form can be 
cases referred to/by any adjudicative forum for 
downloaded from our website www.icicilombard.com.
necessary disposal.
  ii.  Original bills, receipts and discharge certificate/ card 
      You may lodge claim separately for the 
from the Hospital/ Medical Practitioner.
hospitalization claim, Pre-Post hospitalization. In 
  iii.  Original bills from chemists supported by proper 
such scenario, if delay happens beyond the time 
prescription.
period as specified above, the interest amount 
  iv.  Original investigation test reports and payment  calculated will be on the net sanctioned amount of 
receipts. respective transaction and not the total amount 
paid for the entire claim.
  v.  Indoor case papers
      Any amount paid towards interest under Claim 
  vi.  Medical Practitioner's referral letter advising 
Service Guarantee will not affect the Annual Sum 
Hospitalization in non-Accident cases.
Insured as specified in the Schedule.
  vii.  Any other document as required by Us or Our TPA to 
      If you are not eligible for 'Claim Service Guarantee' 
investigate the Claim or Our obligation to make 
for the reasons stated above, We will inform the 
payment for it
same to You, within 14 days in case of A. For 
1.3  Claim Service Guarantee
Reimbursement claims and within 4 hours in case 
  We provide You Claim Service Guarantee as follows
of B. For Cashless claims above.
  A.  For Reimbursement Claims: We shall make the 
payment of admissible claim (as per terms & conditions 
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 29 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
Annexure A
Jurisdiction of Office  Jurisdiction of Office 
Office Details Office Details
Union Territory, District) Union Territory, District)
AHMEDABAD - Shri Kuldip Singh Gujarat, Dadra &  JAIPUR  Rajasthan.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Nagar Haveli, Daman  Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 
Jeevan Prakash Building, 6th Floor, Tilak  and Diu. Jeevan Nidhi - II Bldg., Gr. Floor, Bhawani 
Marg, Relief Road, Ahmedabad - 380 001.  Singh Marg, Jaipur - 302 005.
Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02/05/06 Tel.: 0141 - 2740363
Email: bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in Email: bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in
BENGALURU Karnataka. ERNAKULAM - Ms. Poonam Bodra  Kerala, Lakshadweep, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Mahe-a part of Union 
Jeevan Soudha Building, PID No. 57-27-N-19,  2nd Floor, Pulinat Bldg., Opp. Cochin  Territory of 
Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road,  Shipyard, M. G. Road, Ernakulam - 682 015. Puducherry.
JP Nagar, Ist Phase, Bengaluru - 560 078. Tel.: 0484 - 2358759 / 2359338
Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049 Fax: 0484 - 2359336
Email: bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in Email: bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in
BHOPAL  Madhya Pradesh  KOLKATA - Shri P. K. Rath  West Bengal, Sikkim, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Chattisgarh. Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Andaman & Nicobar 
Janak Vihar Complex, 2nd Floor, 6, Malviya  Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 4th Floor,  Islands.
Nagar, Opp. Airtel Office, Near New Market,  4, C.R. Avenue, KOLKATA - 700 072.
Bhopal – 462 003. Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124340
Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202  Fax : 033 - 22124341
Fax: 0755 - 2769203 Email: bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in
Email: bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in
LUCKNOW - Shri Justice Anil Kumar  Districts of Uttar 
BHUBANESHWAR - Shri Suresh Chandra  Orissa.  Srivastava  Pradesh : Lalitpur, 
Panda Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Jhansi, Mahoba, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 62,  6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II,  Hamirpur, Banda, 
Forest park, Bhubneshwar – 751 009. Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj,  Chitrakoot,  
Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455 Lucknow - 226 001. Allahabad, Mirzapur, 
Fax: 0674 - 2596429 Tel.: 0522 - 2231330 / 2231331 Sonbhabdra, 
Email: bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in Fax: 0522 - 2231310 Fatehpur, Pratapgarh, 
Email: bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in Jaunpur,Varanasi, 
CHANDIGARH Punjab, Haryana  Gazipur, Jalaun, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  (excluding Gurugram,  Kanpur, Lucknow, 
S.C.O. No. 101, 102 & 103, 2nd Floor,  Faridabad, Sonepat  Unnao, Sitapur, 
Batra Building, Sector 17-D,  and Bahadurgarh)  Lakhimpur, Bahraich, 
Chandigarh - 160 017. Himachal Pradesh,  Barabanki, Raebareli, 
Tel.: 0172 - 2706196 / 2706468 Union Territories of  Sravasti, Gonda, 
Fax: 0172 - 2708274  Jammu & Kashmir, 
Faizabad, Amethi, 
Email: bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in Ladakh & 
Chandigarh. Kaushambi, 
Balrampur, Basti, 
CHENNAI Tamil Nadu, Tamil  Ambedkarnagar, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Nadu Puducherry  Sultanpur, 
Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453,  Town and Karaikal  Maharajgang, 
Anna Salai, Teynampet, Chennai - 600 018.  (which are part of  Santkabirnagar, 
Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24335284 Puducherry). Azamgarh, 
Fax: 044 - 24333664 Kushinagar, 
Email: bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in Gorkhpur, Deoria, 
Mau, Ghazipur, 
DELHI - Shri Sudhir Krishna Delhi & Following  Chandauli, Ballia, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Districts of Haryana  Sidharathnagar.
2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building,  - Gurugram, 
Asaf Ali Road, New Delhi - 110 002. Faridabad, Sonepat  MUMBAI Goa, Mumbai 
Tel.: 011 - 23232481/23213504 & Bahadurgarh. Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Metropolitan Region 
Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in 3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe, S. V. Road,  excluding Navi 
Santacruz (W), Mumbai - 400 054. Mumbai & Thane.
GUWAHATI  Assam, Meghalaya, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Manipur, Mizoram,  Tel.: 022 - 26106552 / 26106960
Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor, Nr. Panbazar over  Arunachal Pradesh,  Fax: 022 - 26106052
Bridge, S. S. Road, Guwahati -781001  Nagaland and  Email: bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in
(ASSAM). Tripura.
Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205
Email: bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in
HYDERABAD  Andhra Pradesh, 
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Telangana, Yanam 
6-2-46, 1st floor, “Moin Court”, Lane Opp.  and part of Union 
Saleem Function Palace, A. C. Guards,  Territory of 
Lakdi-Ka-Pool, Hyderabad - 500 004. Puducherry.
Tel.: 040 - 23312122 Fax: 040 - 23376599
Email: bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 30 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408

Golden Shield
Annexure A (Contd.)
Jurisdiction of Office  Jurisdiction of Office 
Office Details Office Details
Union Territory, District) Union Territory, District)
NOIDA - Shri Chandra Shekhar Prasad  State of Uttaranchal  PATNA - Shri N. K. Singh Bihar, Jharkhand.
Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  and the following  Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 
Bhagwan Sahai Palace, 4th Floor, Main  Districts of Uttar  1st Floor, Kalpana Arcade Building, 
Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15, Distt: Gautam  Pradesh: Agra,  Bazar Samiti Road, Bahadurpur, 
Buddh Nagar, U.P-201301. Aligarh, Bagpat,  Patna 800 006. Tel.: 0612-2680952
Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253 Bareilly, Bijnor,  Email: bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in
Budaun, 
Email: bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in Bulandshehar, Etah,  PUNE - Shri Vinay Sah Maharashtra, Area of 
Kanooj, Mainpuri,  Office of the Insurance Ombudsman,  Navi Mumbai and 
Mathura, Meerut,  Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor,  Thane excluding 
Moradabad,  C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N. C. Kelkar Road,  Mumbai Metropolitan 
Muzaffarnagar,  Narayan Peth, Pune - 411 030. Region.
Oraiyya, Pilibhit, 
Tel.: 020-41312555
Etawah, Farrukhabad, 
Email: bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in
Firozbad, 
Gautambodhanagar, 
Ghaziabad, Hardoi, 
Shahjahanpur, Hapur, 
Shamli, Rampur, 
Kashganj, Sambhal, 
Amroha, Hathras, 
Kanshiramnagar, 
Saharanpur.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
Mailing Address : 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Interface 16, New Linking Road, Malad (West), Mumbai - 400 064.
Corporate Office : ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg, Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025.
Visit us at www.icicilombard.com • Mail us at customersupport@icicilombard.com • Toll Free No.: 1800 2666 (Toll Free also accessible from your mobile)
Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation. IRDA Reg. No. 115 UIN: ICIHLIP22012V012223
UIN : ICIHLIP22012V012223 31 CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408